{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f4\fswiss Helv;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;
\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}}{\info{\author Michael Malone}{\creatim\yr1993\mo9\dy18\hr10\min10}{\version1}{\edmins175}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern16417}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 \widowctrl\ftnbj \sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \fs20\lang1033 AppLauncher Documentation
\par 
\par 
\par What is AppLauncher?
\par           AppLauncher is a floating button bar, with each button representing an application that can
\par            be started by pressing a button.
\par 
\par What happens on startup?
\par           1)  If there is a .ini file present in the AppLauncher startup directory then AppLauncher will
\par                read the first configuration section that is not in use by another instance, determined by
\par                the "INUSE" field.  If AppLauncher did not terminate normally the INUSE field will not be 
\par                reset to 0, you will need to do this manually by editing the .ini file.
\par           2)  An application remover gadget (looks like a trash can) will be appened to the button bar.
\par                For additional details see below.
\par           
\par Main Menu:
\par           To access the main menu right mouse click over the title bar.  After the menu has been brought
\par            up you can use either the left or right mouse button to choose a menu item.
\par 
\par           Menu Items:
\par                     "Add Application(s)" : Brings up a dialog to enter the path of the application and the
\par \tab           location of the application in the button bar.  By default the location is at the end of the
\par                           button bar.  To add new application at a different location select the existing application,
\par                           if any, to add before (existing application and others after it will be moved down).
\par 
\par \tab     "Remove Application(s)" :  Brings up a pick list dialog were you can choose the 
\par \tab           applications to remove.
\par 
\par \tab     "Config Options" : Brings up AppLauncher configuration dialog.  Things that can be
\par \tab           changed include: 
\par \tab                 * Orientation (is button bar horizontal or vertical).
\par \tab \tab * Save settings on exit.  Location of button bar and all applications will be saved
\par \tab \tab    to .ini file.
\par \tab \tab * Save settings now.  Saves settings to .ini file now and close dialog.
\par \tab \tab * Prompt user for confirmation when an application is to be removed from
\par                                    AppLauncher.{\ul 
\par }
\par \tab     "Read Configuration" :  Brings up a pick list dialog with the names of the open (not in use) 
\par                           sections in the .ini file.  If the pick list is empty then there are no sections available to be 
\par                           loaded.
\par 
\par \tab     "Help" : This file.
\par 
\par \tab     "Exit Program" : Exit AppLauncher.  If  'save settings on exit ' was set then settings will
\par                          be saved.  Current .ini section in use (if any) will be marked as not in use.
\par 
\par Adding Applications:
\par           You can add applications to the button bar in 2 ways: 1) Use the main menu or 2) Drag and
\par           drop the application on the button bar.  You can drop the application anywhere on AppLauncher.
\par            If the drop point is on a button the new application will take
\par            its place with the application at that point and all others after it moved to accommodate the
\par            new application.  If the drop point is the window's title bar or on the margin area  the new 
\par            application will be added to the end.
\par           
\par Moving and Removing Applications:
\par            To move an application to a new location simple click and hold down the left mouse button and
\par            drag the application to the new location.  Remember, applications on the drop point are 
\par            moved  down to accommodate the application moved.  Thus moving the first application to 
\par            the "second" position will not result in a move.  To remove an application move drop it onto 
\par            the remove application gadget,  which has a bitmap of a trash can on it (and is the last item in 
\par            the button bar).  To move application to end of button bar drop it on the margin area before or 
\par            after any button or on the title bar.
\par 
\par Application Properties:
\par            To access an application's properties right mouse click over the button that represents the 
\par            application you want.  Here are the properties that you can change:
\par                 * Program path:  Path to application.  Can't be left blank.
\par                 * Program arguments:  Enter any arguments you would like.
\par \tab * Icon path:  Path to icon to use on button face.
\par \tab * Prompt for input: If checked will prompt the user for addition parameters.  These
\par \tab    parameters will be appended to those in "Program arguments" field.
\par \tab * Startup style:  Specified how the application will be startup, either normal, maximized or
\par                    minimized.
\par }