{\rtf1\ansi

{\fonttbl
   {\f0\fswiss Arial;}
   {\f1\froman Times New Roman;}
}

{\colortbl;
   \red000\green000\blue000;
   \red255\green000\blue000;
   \red000\green255\blue000;
   \red000\green000\blue255;
   \red255\green255\blue000;
   \red255\green000\blue255;
   \red000\green255\blue255;
   \red128\green000\blue000;
   \red000\green128\blue000;
   \red000\green000\blue128;
   \red128\green128\blue000;
   \red128\green000\blue128;
   \red000\green128\blue128;
   \red128\green128\blue128;
   \red255\green255\blue255;
}

#{\footnote HelpFileContext}
${\footnote HelpFile}
K{\footnote HelpFile}
\f0\fs28\cf4
  Context Help Example File
\f0\fs20\cf1
\par
The main context page for the help file. It may contain jumps to other
 pages.\par
 \par
\page

{\comment put new heading here}

#{\footnote IDH_CM_POPUPAITEM1}
K{\footnote Item 1}
${\footnote Item 1 Title}
\f0\fs28\cf4
Item 1
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
You've selected help on item 1 from the PopupA menu.\par
\par
\page

#{\footnote IDH_CM_POPUPBITEM2}
K{\footnote Item 2}
${\footnote Item 2 Title}
\f0\fs28\cf4
Item 2
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
You've selected help on item 2 from the PopupB menu.\par
\par
\page

#{\footnote IDH_CM_DIALOG}
K{\footnote Dialog}
${\footnote Dialog Title}
\f0\fs28\cf4
Dialog
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
You've selected help on Dialog from the main menu.\par
\par
This brings up a dialog. Press F1 on each control to see the
 help on the item.\par
\page

#{\footnote IDH_IDC_NAME}
K{\footnote Name}
${\footnote Name Title}
\f0\fs28\cf4
Name
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
You've selected help on the name edit control.\par
\par
\page

#{\footnote IDH_IDC_PHONE}
K{\footnote Phone}
${\footnote Phone Title}
\f0\fs28\cf4
Phone
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
You've selected help on the phone edit control.\par
\par
\page

#{\footnote IDH_IDC_NUMBER}
K{\footnote Number}
${\footnote Number Title}
\f0\fs28\cf4
Number
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
You've selected help on the number edit control.\par
\par
\page

#{\footnote IDH_IDOK}
K{\footnote OK}
${\footnote OK}
\f0\fs28\cf4
OK
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
You've selected help on the OK button.\par
\par
\page

#{\footnote IDH_IDCANCEL}
K{\footnote Cancel}
${\footnote Cancel}
\f0\fs28\cf4
Cancel
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
You've selected help on the Cancel button.\par
\par
\page

#{\footnote IDH_IDHELP}
K{\footnote Help}
${\footnote Help}
\f0\fs28\cf4
Help
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
You've selected help on the Help button.\par
\par
\page

}

