{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f11\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext15 code;}{\s16\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext16 note;}{\s17\fi-450\li450\widctlpar\tx450 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 numList;}{\s18\widctlpar\tx270 \i\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext18 italic;}{\s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 
\b\f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 headingSection;}{\s20\widctlpar\tx270 \b\i\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext20 howto;}{\s21\fi-360\li360\sa80\widctlpar\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvl11\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext21 listContents;}{
\s22\qc\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 important;}{\s23\qc\sb80\sa80\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20\ul\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext23 divider;}{\s24\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs36\cf10 \sbasedon0\snext24 headingProduct;}{\s25\widctlpar\tx270 \b\i\f5\fs22 
\sbasedon0\snext25 headingFileDescription;}{\s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvl11\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext26 bulletList;}{\s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 \sbasedon0\snext27 
headingSubsection;}{\s28\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvl10\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext28 numlist;}{\s29\sb80\sa80\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext29 paraNormal;}{\*\cs30 \additive\f11 
\sbasedon10 charCode;}{\s31\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext31 bulletText;}{\s32\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon26\snext32 bullet2;}{\s33\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon31\snext33 bulletText2;}{\*
\cs34 \additive\ul\cf2  Hyperlink;}{\*\cs35 \additive\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}}{\info{\author Garry Forbes}{\operator Garry Forbes}{\creatim\yr2000\mo8\dy16\hr22\min36}{\revtim\yr2002\mo1\dy31\hr10\min9}{\version3}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}
{\nofwords2823}{\nofchars16094}{\*\company Inprise Corporation}{\vern57431}}\margl720\margr720 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\linkstyles\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0{\*\template I:\\BUILDS\\_READMES\\BCB\\readme.dot}\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ri-1350\widctlpar\tx270\tx9360 \f4\fs20 {\b\f5\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}
\par \pard\plain \s19\ri-1350\sb80\widctlpar\tx270\tx9360 \b\f5\fs22 Deploying C++Builder Applications
\par \pard\plain \ri-1350\widctlpar\tx270\tx9360 \f4\fs20 {\b\f5\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}
\par {\b\f5\fs32\ul\cf10 
\par }Please read this entire file before deploying C++Builder 6 app-
\par lications, components, or libraries. This file is provided
\par pursuant to the Borland License Statement and
\par provides information on deploying C++Builder 6 applications.
\par 
\par Table of Contents
\par ===========================================================
\par 
\par   1.  General Application Deployment
\par   2.  Components and Packages
\par       2.1 Distributing Custom Packages
\par       2.2 Borland Runtime Packages
\par       2.3 Runtime Packages: Enterprise Edition
\par       2.4 Runtime Packages: Professional Edition
\par       2.5 Runtime Packages: Personal Edition
\par       2.6 Restrictions on CLXDisplay API (Qt.pas) Usage
\par   3.  The Borland Database Engine (BDE)
\par   4.  ActiveX Controls (OCXs)
\par   5.  Sample Images
\par   6.  InterBase Deployment
\par       6.1 Applications that Use the 32-bit Local InterBase
\par       6.2 The 32-bit Five-user InterBase Server
\par   7.  DataSnap Applications (formerly MIDAS)
\par   8.  WebSnap Applications and InterBase
\par   9.  VisiBroker
\par   10. SQL Links Deployment (Enterprise edition only)
\par   11. JPEG Compression Software
\par   12. Data Compression Library (zlib)
\par   13. Windows Common Controls
\par   14. C++Builder Utilities
\par   15. Translation Manager Distribution
\par   16. Removed or Modified "Redistributable" Files
\par 
\par 1. General Application Deployment
\par ===========================================================
\par C++Builder 6 applications do not require a runtime interpreter
\par DLL. All you have to provide is your .EXE file and any DLLs
\par or BPLs that it calls. For simple applications you can
\par distribute a standalone .EXE file. If you have used runtime
\par packages with your application, be sure to include all
\par required BPLs with the distribution. If you build using the dynamic
\par Run-Time Library, you will also have to distribute one or more of the
\par Run-Time Library DLLs CC3260.DLL or CC3260MT.DLL and the memory
\par manager Dlls BORLNDMM.DLL, BCBMM.DLL or DELPHIMM.DLL. Applications
\par that use MFC may also need BFC42.DLL or BFC42D.DLL.  Those using
\par STLPort will require redistribution of STLP45.DLL and/or STLPMT45.DLL.
\par 
\par For applications that use the Borland Database Engine (BDE),
\par you must use a Borland-certified installation/deployment utility,
\par such as InstallShield Express.
\par 
\par If you use InstallShield, treat .BPL (package) files just
\par like other DLLs. From the Setup Checklist, open Groups and
\par Files, then click Add Group. You can create a group called
\par "Packages" for BPLs; to install packages in the
\par Windows\\System directory, choose <WINSYSDIR> as the desti-
\par nation directory. (We recommend installing .DLL and .BPL
\par files in the <Operating System>\\System or \\System 32directory.)
\par Then click Launch Explorer to select the .BPL files you want to deploy.
\par 
\par If the license for C++Builder that accompanied this file was acquired
\par as an educational or for scholarly purpose, distribution of any files for any
\par commercial or institutional use is prohibited.  Performing research in
\par an educational setting or producing coursework required in pursuit of
\par a degree or certificate of credential at an educational institution is
\par permitted.
\par 
\par 2. Components and Packages
\par ===========================================================
\par 2.1 Distributing Custom Packages
\par --------------------------------
\par If you distribute C++Builder 6 packages to other developers, be
\par sure to supply both .BPI and any .LIB files to which your packages
\par link.
\par 
\par You will probably
\par also want to include .OBJ and .DCU files as well as documentation.
\par Package Collection (.DPC) files, created with the Package
\par Collection Editor, offer a convenient way to distribute all
\par the files associated with a package or group of packages.
\par 
\par 2.2 Borland Runtime Packages
\par ----------------------------
\par In accordance with the General Terms That Apply to Compiled
\par Programs and Redistributables, you may redistribute
\par Borland-supplied runtime packages only for the purpose of
\par executing application programs created with C++Builder. You may
\par not modify these packages in any way. By default the
\par redistributable runtime packages are installed in the
\par system-files directory of the computer (commonly this is
\par the \\windows\\system on Windows9x, \\WINNT\\System32 on
\par Windows NT, 2000 or XP computers).
\par 
\par Although this software may include packages other than
\par those listed below, only the packages identified below
\par as redistributable may be redistributed by you.  The package
\par filenames identified below should be considered to be
\par case-insensitive.
\par 
\par You may NOT redeploy Borland-supplied design-time-only
\par packages. You may not recompile or redistribute any
\par Borland-supplied components or libraries for use by other
\par developers.
\par 
\par Packages that you develop may not have the same names as
\par Borland-supplied packages. If you distribute component
\par libraries or other packages, it is recommended that you
\par avoid using the default DCLUSR60 package name, since this
\par will cause naming conflicts with other developers.
\par 
\par 2.3 Runtime Packages: Enterprise Edition
\par -----------------------------------------------------------
\par If you are a licensed user of C++Builder 6 Enterprise,
\par redistributable runtime packages include the
\par following:
\par 
\par adortl60.bpl
\par bdecds60.bpl
\par bdertl60.bpl
\par cds60.bpl
\par dbexpress60.bpl
\par 
\par dbrtl60.bpl
\par dbxcds60.bpl
\par bcb2kaxserver60.bpl
\par bcb97axserver60.bpl
\par dsnap60.bpl
\par 
\par dsnapcon60.bpl
\par dsnapcrba60.bpl
\par dsnapent60.bpl
\par dss60.bpl
\par ibevnt60.bpl
\par 
\par ibxpress60.bpl
\par indy60.bpl
\par inet60.bpl
\par inetdb60.bpl
\par inetdbbde60.bpl
\par 
\par inetdbxpress60.bpl
\par nmfast60.bpl
\par midas.dll
\par qrpt60.bpl
\par qtintf.dll
\par 
\par rtl60.bpl
\par soaprtl60.bpl
\par stdvcl40.dll
\par tee60.bpl
\par teedb60.bpl
\par 
\par teeqr60.bpl
\par teeui60.bpl
\par vcl60.bpl
\par vcldb60.bpl
\par vcldbx60.bpl
\par 
\par vclie60.bpl
\par vcljpg60.bpl
\par vclshlctrls60.bpl
\par vclsmp60.bpl
\par vclx60.bpl
\par 
\par visualclx60.bpl
\par visualdbclx60.bpl
\par webdsnap60.bpl
\par websnap61.bpl
\par xmlrtl60.bpl
\par 
\par cc3260.dll
\par cc3260mt.dll
\par borlndmm.dll
\par bcbmm.dll
\par delphimm.dll
\par 
\par bfc42.dll
\par bfc42d.dll
\par 
\par The runtime packages dsnap60.bpl, dsnapcon60.bpl,
\par dsnapcrba60.bpl, dsnapent60.bpl, and webdsnap60.bpl
\par are associated with DataSnap. As such, distribution
\par of these packages is subject to the same requirements as
\par distribution of DataSnap. See the file LICENSE.TXT
\par for specific rights and limitations regarding
\par DataSnap and redistribution.
\par 
\par 2.4 Runtime Packages: Professional Edition
\par ------------------------------------------
\par If you are a licensed user of C++Builder 6 Professional,
\par redistributable runtime packages include the following:
\par 
\par adortl60.bpl
\par bdecds60.bpl
\par bdertl60.bpl
\par cds60.bpl
\par bcb2kaxserver60.bpl
\par 
\par bcb97axserver60.bpl
\par dbexpress60.bpl
\par dbrtl60.bpl
\par dbxcds60.bpl
\par ibevnt60.bpl
\par 
\par ibxpress60.bpl
\par indy60.bpl
\par inet60.bpl
\par inetdb60.bpl
\par inetdbbde60.bpl
\par 
\par inetdbxpress60.bpl
\par midas.dll
\par nmfast60.bpl
\par qrpt60.bpl
\par qtintf.dll
\par 
\par rtl60.bpl
\par soaprtl60.bpl
\par stdvcl40.dll
\par tee60.bpl
\par teedb60.bpl
\par 
\par teeqr60.bpl
\par teeui60.bpl
\par vcl60.bpl
\par vcldb60.bpl
\par vcldbx60.bpl
\par 
\par vclie60.bpl
\par vcljpg60.bpl
\par vclshlctrls60.bpl
\par vclsmp60.bpl
\par vclx60.bpl
\par 
\par visualclx60.bpl
\par visualdbclx60.bpl
\par xmlrtl60.bpl
\par cc3260.dll
\par cc3260mt.dll
\par 
\par borlndmm.dll
\par bcbmm.dll
\par delphimm.dll
\par bfc42.dll
\par bfc42d.dll
\par 
\par 2.5 Runtime Packages: Personal Edition
\par --------------------------------------
\par If you are a licensed user of C++Builder 6 Personal,
\par redistributable runtime packages include the following:
\par 
\par rtl60.bpl
\par vcl60.bpl
\par vcljpg60.bpl
\par vclshlctrls60.bpl
\par vclsmp60.bpl
\par 
\par vclx60.bpl
\par cc3260.dll
\par cc3260mt.dll
\par borlndmm.dll
\par bcbmm.dll
\par 
\par delphimm.dll
\par bfc42.dll
\par bfc42d.dll
\par 
\par 2.6 Restrictions on CLXDisplay API (Qt.pas) Usage
\par ---------------------------------------------------
\par CLXDisplay API, the Qt.pas interface to the Qt runtime, is
\par only licensed for use in VisualCLX applications or a
\par component that derives from TControl in the QControls
\par unit. A VisualCLX application is an application that
\par uses the TApplication object and uses at least one
\par component derived from TControl. You are not licensed
\par to use Qt.pas to create applications or components that
\par exclusively call the Qt.pas interfaces. A separate commercial
\par development license from Trolltech
\par is required for use of Qt.pas in any manner other than
\par authorized above.
\par 
\par 3. The Borland Database Engine (BDE)
\par ===========================================================
\par C++Builder 6 applications that use the Borland Database Engine
\par (BDE) to effect database access require that you distribute
\par the BDE with the application.
\par 
\par In accordance with the Additional License Terms for BDE,
\par you may distribute the BDE files with your application
\par using an Borland-certified Redistributable Install program
\par such as InstallShield Express or another compliant install
\par program. You may redistribute only those BDE files selected
\par by the Borland-certified installation program.
\par 
\par Additionally, Borland supplies a BDE merge module that is an
\par approved mechanism for deploying BDE.  This module may be used
\par with any Windows Installer (MSI) development tool (such as
\par InstallShield for Windows Installer, Wise for Windows
\par Installer and others).  The merge module includes the base
\par BDE and SQL Links appropriate to the version of C++Builder
\par purchased.
\par 
\par See the BDE Links deployment notes in the file
\par BDEDEPLOY.TXT (found in the BDE directory) for specific
\par information regarding deploying the BDE with database
\par applications created in C++Builder.
\par 
\par 
\par 4. ActiveX Controls (OCXs)
\par ===========================================================
\par C++Builder includes ActiveX Controls (OCXs) for use in your
\par applications:
\par 
\par   o Chart FX, copyright SoftwareFX Inc.
\par   o VisualSpeller Control, copyright Visual Components,
\par     Inc.
\par   o Formula One (spreadsheet), copyright Visual Components,
\par     Inc.
\par   o First Impression (VtChart), copyright Visual
\par     Components, Inc.
\par 
\par The version of each of these OCXs shipped with C++Builder may
\par be redistributed in custom C++Builder applications. Such
\par redistribution is subject to the General Terms That Apply
\par to Compiled Programs and Redistributables.
\par 
\par 
\par 5. Sample Images
\par ===========================================================
\par C++Builder includes a library of redistributable bitmap images
\par normally installed in the subdirectory:
\par 
\par   \\Program Files\\Common Files\\Borland Shared\\Images
\par 
\par C++Builder also includes a database EVENTS.DB with licensed
\par images from PhotoDisc. The images in this database are
\par copyright PhotoDisc, Inc. 1995 and may not be
\par redistributed.
\par 
\par 
\par 6. InterBase Deployment
\par ===========================================================
\par 6.1 Applications that Use the 32-bit Local InterBase
\par ----------------------------------------------------
\par C++Builder Enterprise and Professional editions include a
\par development license for Local InterBase. They do not,
\par however, include rights for deployment or redistribution of
\par any InterBase component. To deploy InterBase applications,
\par you must purchase Deployment Kits, available separately
\par from Borland. For more information on InterBase, see
\par Borland's World Wide Web site at http://www.borland.com,
\par or contact your local Borland sales office.
\par 
\par 6.2 The 32-bit Five-user InterBase Server
\par -----------------------------------------
\par C++Builder Enterprise contains a development license for the
\par 32-bit five-user InterBase Server for Windows.  Purchase of
\par C++Builder, however, does not include deployment or
\par redistribution rights for any InterBase Server files. Customers
\par who wish to deploy InterBase Server applications must separately
\par purchase individual copies of the InterBase Server, available
\par separately from Borland. For more information on InterBase,
\par see Borland's World Wide Web site at http://www.borland.com,
\par or contact your local Borland sales office.
\par 
\par 
\par 7. DataSnap Applications (formerly MIDAS)
\par ===========================================================
\par The C++Builder 6 Enterprise edition includes a development
\par license for the DataSnap. DataSnap comprises the Business
\par ObjectBroker, the Remote DataBroker, and the
\par ConstraintBroker Manager (SQL Explorer). Purchase of C++Builder
\par Enterprise edition, however, does not include deployment
\par rights for this software. Customers who wish to deploy
\par applications that use DataSnap must purchase a separate
\par license for each server on which DataSnap is installed.
\par 
\par Handle the installation of the executable and related files
\par for a multi-tier application the same as for general
\par applications. Some DataSnap files may need to be installed on
\par the client computer and others on the server computer.
\par 
\par For the Remote DataBroker and ConstraintBroker portions of
\par DataSnap, the file MIDAS.DLL must be installed onto the
\par client computer and registered with Windows. On the server
\par computer, the files MIDAS.DLL and STDVCL40.DLL must be
\par installed and registered for the Remote DataBroker and
\par DBEXPLOR.EXE for the ConstraintBroker. Installation
\par programs such as InstallShield Express automate the process
\par of registering these DLLs. To manually register the DLLs,
\par use the TRegSvr demo application or the Microsoft utility
\par REGSERV32.EXE (not included with all Windows versions).
\par 
\par A server deployment license is not required for deploying
\par MIDAS.DLL and STDVCL40.DLL in an application in which
\par the client and server reside on the same machine. These two
\par files are the Client Dataset Redistributables referred to
\par in the License Statement.
\par 
\par For more information on DataSnap, see Borland's World Wide Web
\par site at the URL below, or contact your local Borland sales
\par office.
\par 
\par   http://www.borland.com/datasnap/
\par 
\par 8. WebSnap Application Deployment
\par ===========================================================
\par If you created your application as a Web App Debugger
\par executable, you will first have to convert it to an
\par ISAPI DLL, CGI executable, or Apache Shared Module. To
\par deploy your DLL or EXE to a web server, you will have to
\par place your application in a directory that has executable
\par rights. With Internet Information Services (IIS), this is
\par typically C:\\Inetpub\\Scripts. For each WebModule in your
\par application, you must copy the associated HTML file to the
\par same directory as your EXE/DLL. By default, the associated
\par HTML file is simply the WebModule unit's name with .html
\par as the extension.
\par 
\par Additionally, you must register both WebBrokerScript.tlb
\par and stdvcl40.dll on the web server. TLB files cannot be
\par registerd with the Microsoft regsvr32 program, but must
\par be registerd with tregsvr, located in the C++Builder bin
\par directory. You can copy tregsvr to the web server, and
\par register the files with:
\par 
\par tregsvr WebBrokerScript.tlb
\par 
\par and
\par 
\par tregsvr stdvcl40.dll
\par 
\par Finally, WebSnap applications require the Microsoft Active
\par Scripting Engine in order to work. It is included with
\par Internet Explorer 5 and later, and is installed by default on Windows
\par 2000 or later machines. To download the Scripting Engine, visit:
\par http://msdn.microsoft.com/scripting/
\par 
\par 9.  VisiBroker
\par ===========================================================
\par This product does not include deployment rights for the
\par VisiBroker CORBA ORB.  When deploying an application
\par requiring CORBA services, you must first obtain VisiBroker
\par Deployment licenses, available separately from Borland.
\par 
\par For more information on VisiBroker, see Borland's World
\par Wide Web site at the URL below, or contact your local
\par Borland sales office.
\par 
\par    http://www.borland.com/visibroker/
\par 
\par 
\par 10. SQL Links Deployment (Enterprise edition only)
\par ===========================================================
\par See the BDE/SQL Links deployment notes in the file
\par BDEDEPLOY.TXT (found in the BDE directory) for specific
\par information regarding redeploying the SQL Links software.
\par (SQL Links is available only with the C++Builder 6 Enterprise
\par edition.)
\par 
\par 
\par 11. JPEG Compression Software
\par ===========================================================
\par The C++Builder CD includes software for JPEG image compression
\par and decompression. This software and its source code are
\par distributed by the Independent JPEG Group and copyrighted
\par by Thomas G. Lane. For conditions of distribution and use,
\par see the README file that accompanies the software.
\par 
\par 
\par 12. Data Compression Library (zlib)
\par ===========================================================
\par The C++Builder media includes zlib data compression software. This
\par software and its source code are copyrighted by Mark Adler
\par and others and may be used and distributed subject to the
\par conditions specified in the file zlib.h.
\par 
\par 
\par 13. Windows Common Controls
\par ===========================================================
\par The Windows common controls are provided in a Microsoft-approved
\par installation file, 50comupd.exe.  This file contains the
\par common controls library, comctl32.dll.  The only approved
\par method for updating end-user computers is by the use of
\par 50comupd.exe.  This file can be redistributed with applications
\par built using C++Builder.  No other method is permitted.
\par 
\par 14. C++Builder Utilities
\par ===========================================================
\par The utility programs included with C++Builder 6 may NOT be
\par redistributed with deployed applications. These utility
\par programs include, but are not limited to:
\par 
\par   SQL Explorer (Enterprise only)
\par   SQL Monitor (Enterprise only)
\par   Database Explorer (Professional and Enterprise only)
\par   Database Desktop (Professional and Enterprise only)
\par   Openhelp (Professional and Enterprise only)
\par   Package Collection Editor (Professional and Enterprise only)
\par   WinSight (Professional and Enterprise only)
\par   DCC32
\par   GREP
\par   TDump
\par   TLibImp
\par   Image Editor
\par 
\par Please contact Borland sales for information regarding distribution of the
\par Translation Manager in excess of the quantity granted in the C++Builder
\par license.
\par 
\par 15.  Translation Manager Distribution
\par ===========================================================
\par Subject to the restrictions below, and additional restrictions that may appear
\par in the license.txt file accompanying your licensed version of C++Builder, the
\par Translation Manager (Enterprise edition only) included with C++Builder is
\par redistributable solely for purposes of localization of applications developed
\par using C++Builder.  See license.txt for distribution limits, and additional
\par restrictions.
\par 
\par The files that may be distributed as part of the Translation Manager are:
\par 
\par etm60.exe
\par itecore60.bpl
\par rc60.bpl
\par dfm60.bpl
\par clxdesigner60.bpl
\par designdgm60.bpl
\par designide60.bpl
\par dbx60.bpl
\par dbx.dbi
\par indy60.bpl
\par vclide60.bpl
\par vclhie60.bpl
\par dclact60.bpl
\par dclado60.bpl
\par dclbdecds60.bpl
\par dclcds60.bpl
\par dclclxdb60.bpl
\par dclclxstd60.bpl
\par dcldb60.bpl
\par dcldbx60.bpl
\par dcldbxcds60.bpl
\par dcldss60.bpl
\par dclib60.bpl
\par dclindy60.bpl
\par dclisp60.bpl
\par dclmid60.bpl
\par dclmlwiz60.bpl
\par dclnet60.bpl
\par dclnmf60.bpl
\par dclocx60.bpl
\par dclqrt60.bpl
\par dclstd60.bpl
\par dcltee60.bpl
\par dcltqr60.bpl
\par dclwbm60.bpl
\par 
\par The files listed above may be distributed solely as part of the Translation
\par Manager, except where they occur in the lists of Redistributables
\par (section 2 of this file) relative to the particular edition of C++Builder you have
\par licensed.  Except for those which are listed in the Redistributables (section 2),
\par these files may not be used for any purpose other than for use by the Translation
\par Manager when distributed in this way.
\par 
\par 16. Removed or Modified "Redistributable" Files
\par ===========================================================
\par Borland RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REMOVE OR MODIFY INDIVIDUAL
\par REDISTRIBUTABLE FILES FROM THIS BORLAND SOFTWARE PRODUCT,
\par AT ANY TIME PRIOR TO RELEASE OF THE PRODUCT, REGARDLESS OF
\par WHETHER SUCH FILES CONTINUE TO BE LISTED AS
\par "REDISTRIBUTABLE" UPON RELEASE OF THE PRODUCT. BORLAND
\par SHALL HAVE NO OBLIGATION WHATSOEVER IN CONNECTION WITH ANY
\par FILE WHICH IS LISTED AS "REDISTRIBUTABLE" BUT HAS BEEN
\par REMOVED FROM THE PRODUCT PRIOR TO THE PRODUCT'S RELEASE.
\par 
\par ===========================================================
\par Unless otherwise noted, all materials provided in this
\par release are Copyright 1983 - 2002 by Borland Software
\par Corporation.
\par ========================= END =============================
\par 
\par }