{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f11\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext15 code;}{\s16\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext16 note;}{\s17\fi-450\li450\widctlpar\tx450 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 numList;}{\s18\widctlpar\tx270 \i\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext18 italic;}{\s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 
\b\f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 headingSection;}{\s20\widctlpar\tx270 \b\i\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext20 howto;}{\s21\fi-360\li360\sa80\widctlpar\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvl11\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext21 listContents;}{
\s22\qc\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 important;}{\s23\qc\sb80\sa80\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20\ul\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext23 divider;}{\s24\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs36\cf10 \sbasedon0\snext24 headingProduct;}{\s25\widctlpar\tx270 \b\i\f5\fs22 
\sbasedon0\snext25 headingFileDescription;}{\s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvl11\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext26 bulletList;}{\s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 \sbasedon0\snext27 
headingSubsection;}{\s28\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvl10\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext28 numlist;}{\s29\sb80\sa80\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext29 paraNormal;}{\*\cs30 \additive\f11 
\sbasedon10 charCode;}{\s31\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext31 bulletText;}{\s32\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext32 footnote text;}{\*\cs33 \additive\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s34\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180 
\f4\fs20 \sbasedon26\snext34 bullet2;}{\s35\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon31\snext35 bulletText2;}{\*\cs36 \additive\ul\cf2  Hyperlink;}}{\info{\author Garry Forbes}{\operator Garry Forbes}{\creatim\yr2000\mo8\dy16\hr22\min36}
{\revtim\yr2002\mo1\dy30\hr16\min17}{\printim\yr2001\mo5\dy21\hr14\min55}{\version4}{\edmins19}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords2732}{\nofchars15574}{\*\company Inprise Corporation}{\vern57431}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\linkstyles\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0
{\*\template I:\\BUILDS\\_READMES\\BCB\\readme.dot}\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s24\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs36\cf10 C++Builder 6
\par \pard\plain \s25\widctlpar\tx270 \b\i\f5\fs22 Installation Notes
\par \pard\plain \s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs22 {\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par This file describes issues that may affect the installation of this product. We recommend that you read it in full before continuing. The contents of this file are available on your CD for later printing or viewing.
\par 
\par Other notes, including known issues, compatibility information, and uninstallation information, are contained in the product README file, also available for review or printing after installation from your CD or from your installation directory root. 

\par \pard\plain \s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs22 {\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}
\par CONTENTS
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 ABOUT THE NEW INSTALLER
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}PRODUCT COEXISTENCE ISSUES
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}INSTALLING FOR MULTIPLE USERS [WINNT/2000 ONLY]
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}GENERAL INSTALLATION NOTES
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}KNOWN INSTALLATION ISSUES
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}REGISTERING THIS PRODUCT
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}UNINSTALLING THIS PRODUCT
\par \pard\plain \s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs22 {\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}
\par ABOUT THE NEW INSTALLER
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par This product now uses the new Microsoft Installer (MSI) service to perform the installation. Among the more significant changes are:
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 
The installer modifies your PATH statement, so rebooting after installation is necessary on all platforms.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 An in
stallation maintenance mode is available by simply rerunning the installation. The maintenance dialog lets you add or remove features, repair the installation, or remove the product. Choosing "Modify" lets you install features that you did not previously 
install, or remove features that you no longer use. Choosing "Repair" causes the installer to search for and reinstall any files that are missing or damaged. "Remove" uninstalls the product.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 On Windows 2000 and higher (including Windows XP), the Microso
ft Installer service provides an auto-repair feature that constantly tries to detect and repair damaged applications. One of the ways that it does this is by monitoring the installed directory structure of an application. If you delete or rename any of th
e directories installed by C++Builder, the Microsoft Installer will detect this and will, without warning, attempt to restore the missing directories. To prevent the auto-repair function from being unintentionally invoked, you should not manually delete o
r rename any of the installed C++Builder directories. To add or remove features, always use the installer application.
\par \pard\plain \s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs22 {\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}
\par PRODUCT COEXISTENCE ISSUES
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Running Delphi 6 and C++Builder 6 on the same machine
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par If you already have Delphi\~6 installed or you plan to install Delphi\~6 on the same machine as C++Builder\~6, you must also install the Delphi\~6 Update\~Pack\~2 to allow both products to function correctly. The Delphi\~
6 patch can be installed either before or after C++Builder 6. The patch, which replaces Delphi\~6\~Update\~Pack\~1, is available on the Delphi 6 Registered Users site (login required) at
\par http://www.borland.com/delphi/webreg/
\par \tab d6/d6_registeredusers.html
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Using the Web App Debugger in Delphi 6\line after uninstalling C++Builder 6
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par If you install C++Builder 6 on a machine on which Delphi 6 is installed, then uninstall C++Builder 6, the Delphi 6 Web App Debugger will no longer work as expected.
\par 
\par {\b Solution:} After uninstalling C++Builder 6, you can reregister the Web App Debugger by running the following from your Delphi6\\Bin directory:
\par 
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\b  SEQ num \\r 1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b\lang1024 1}}}{\b .\tab }Run ServerInfo for the Web App Debugger:
\par {\cs30\f11 \tab \tab serverinfo
\par }
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\b  SEQ num \\n \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b\lang1024 2}}}{\b .\tab }Use the tregsvr utility to reregister the debugger library:
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 \tab \tab tregsvr weblib.tlb
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Using C++Builder 6\line and earlier versions of C++Builder on the same machine
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par If an earlier version of C++Builder is installed, and both the earlier version and C++Builder are installed to their default directories (c:\\program files\\borland\\cbuilder<version number>), the installer writes the string "C:\\PROGRA~1\\BORLAND\\
CBUILD~2\\BIN" to the {\i beginning} of your PATH statement for C++Builder 6, and retains "C:\\PROGRA~1\\BORLAND\\CBUILD~1\\BIN" for the earlier version.
\par 
\par You should be aware, however, that such an arrangement can cause conflicts if you have BPLs or DLLs with the same name stored in the default project directories (\\projects\\bpl) of both products, since the PATH setting will 
cause the earlier version of the product to search the C++Builder 6 default directories first. To avoid such conflicts, we suggest rebuilding your BPLs and DLLs with different names for each product (e.g., new50.bpl, new60.bpl).
\par 
\par You should also keep this issue in mind when running command-line tools: If the same tool is available in both products and you don't include the full path to the tool when running it, the system will default to the path appearing first in the PATH statem
ent (to the tool in the C++Builder 6 structure, in a default setting).
\par \pard\plain \s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs22 {\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}
\par INSTALLING FOR MULTIPLE USERS [WINNT/2000 ONLY]
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par [Note: This section applies only to installations on Windows NT, 2000, and later Windows operating systems, including XP. It does not apply to installations on Windows 98 or Me systems.]
\par 
\par The procedure for installing and uninstalling C++Builder for multiple users on Windows NT and Windows 2000 systems has changed. 
\par 
\par The new installation procedure no longer requires each user to install C++Bu
ilder separately. The product is installed only once, by any user with Administrator privileges, and is immediately available to all users of the same machine. It is also available to any new users you may add later.
\par 
\par In previous releases, an Administrator installed the product, and all other users of the same machine who needed to use C++Builder had to install the product separately using the "Registry Only" option.
\par 
\par The new uninstallation procedure has also changed. The Administrator who initially install
ed the product must first uninstall it (through the Control Panel's Add/Remove Programs applet); after that, all other users of the product must log in and run the provided BCB6RegClean.exe utility in order to remove user-specific data from the Windows re
gistry. (Note: BCB6RegClean.exe is installed to your \\Bin directory and is also available on your CD in the \\Info\\
Extras folder, along with RegFlip, a utility that allows you to add, remove, and edit Just In Time debugging information in the Windows registry.)
\par 
\par In previous releases, no uninstall mechanism was provided for users other than the Administrator who installed the product.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Cautions
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 Some utilities\emdash 
such as the Image Editor, the Package Collection Editor, Database Desktop, and the XMLMapper\emdash will not work correctly until the C++Builder IDE is run at least once. This is because the IDE copies a set of global registry entries from HKEY_LO
CAL_MACHINE to the user's registry space. In the past, the installation program performed this task.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 If you pe
rform a partial install, then add other components later, the new components will not automatically appear in the IDE. To make the new packages appear, you can manually add them to the IDE using the Install Packages dialog (Component menu). An alternative
 is to run the BCB6RegClean.exe utility to force the IDE to refresh its settings from the global environment space. Note: Using the latter procedure will restore the default settings, replacing any customized settings you may have made.
\par \pard\plain \s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs22 {\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}
\par GENERAL INSTALLATION NOTES
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par The following items describe known issues, behavior, and functionality that can affect installation of this product.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Minimum system requirements
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 Intel Pentium 166 MHz or higher (P2 400 MHz recommended)
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}Microsoft Windows 98, Windows Millennium (Me), Windows 2000, or later version of the Microsoft Windows operating system
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}128 Mb RAM (256 Mb recommended)
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}115 Mb hard disk space (compact install)
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}Hard disk space required for a full install: 675 Mb (Enterprise edition); 580 Mb (Professional);\line 480 Mb (Personal)
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}CD-ROM drive
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}VGA or higher resolution monitor
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}Mouse or other pointing device
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Before you install
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par You should always protect your data by backing it up. Before loading a project that was created with an earlier version of this product, be sure that copies of all of the files related to the project you're about to load are backed up and securely stored.

\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Back up your BDE configuration
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par This
 product includes a new version of the Borland Database Engine (BDE). Unless you specify other than the default setup directories during installation, C++Builder will overwrite your existing 32-bit BDE and SQL Links installations, so it is strongly recomm
ended that you back up all current BDE configuration files before installing this release.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Installation directory
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par By default, this release installs into the directory
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 \tab \\Program Files\\Borland\\CBuilder6
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par Product release notes and most other documentation assumes these defaults. 
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 {\b\i WARNING:}
\par \tab 
Do not install C++Builder 6 in a directory that contains an older version. Always install a new version of C++Builder in a new directory. Different versions of C++Builder can coexist on the same system, but each version must be installed in its own direc
tory. 
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 If you've installed this product before
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par You can install to the same machine (though to a different location) as another version of the product. If you want to install to the same directory as an existing version, u
ninstall the existing version first. In either case, you should back up your IDAPI.CFG file (if one is present) and any other important data, including existing projects that you intend to use with this version.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Uninstall Internet Control Pack
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par If you have installed any previous standalone release of the Internet Control Pack (known as the Microsoft Internet Control Pack, NEWT Internet ActiveX Control Pack, or ICP), use the Add/Remove Programs applet in the Control Panel to uninstall that versio
n before installing this product.\line 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Installing from a network or shared drive
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par If installing from a network or shared drive, you must map a drive letter to the server and folder that contains the INSTALL.EXE program that initiates installation of this product.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Performing a Custom installation
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par To conserve disk space, you can perform a custom installation, selecting only the options you require. To do so, select the Custom radio button in the Setup Type dialog during installation. Disk space required for the total cust
om installation and individual options is displayed as you select or deselect options.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 VisiBroker installs JRE
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par The VisiBroker 4.5 installer looks for Sun's Java Runtime Environment (JRE) or Java Development Kit (JDK) version 1.2.2 or higher. If neither is found, JRE 1.2.2 is installed.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Just-In-Time Debugging
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par If the installer detects that another application is registered as your Just-In-Time debugger, you will be asked if you want to change this setting to use the C++Builder debugger. For proper 
operation of this release, you should choose to update this setting. 
\par 
\par {\i To preserve your existing AEDebug settings for later restoration, follow these steps:
\par }\pard\plain \s17\fi-450\li450\widctlpar\tx450 \f4\fs20 {\field{\*\fldinst {\b  SEQ num \\r 1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b\lang1024 1}}}{\b .\tab }Run Regedit.
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\b  SEQ num \\n \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b\lang1024 2}}}{\b .\tab }Select the AEDebug key {\f11 
\par }{\cs30\f11 \tab \tab HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\SOFTWARE\\Microsoft\\
\par \tab \tab \tab Windows NT\\CurrentVersion\\AEDebug\\Debugger}{\f11 
\par }{\field{\*\fldinst {\b  SEQ num \\n \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b\lang1024 3}}}{\b .\tab }Choose {\f11 Registry|Export Registry File}.
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\b  SEQ num \\n \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b\lang1024 4}}}{\b .\tab }Name and save the file containing the AEDebug key.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\i To restore the AEDebug settings:
\par }\pard\plain \s17\fi-450\li450\widctlpar\tx450 \f4\fs20 {\field{\*\fldinst {\b  SEQ num \\r 1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b\lang1024 1}}}{\b .\tab }Run Regedit.
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\b  SEQ num \\n \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b\lang1024 2}}}{\b .\tab }Choose {\f11 Registry|Import Registry File}.
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\b  SEQ num \\n \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b\lang1024 3}}}{\b .\tab }Specify the file in which you saved the AEDebug key.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Manually registering the debugger kernel 
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par The Borland Debugger Kernel is automatically registered by the new installer. If, however, you receive "BORDBK61 not registered" errors when running the program, then you will need to manually register the debugger.
\par 
\par To manually register the debugger, open a command window, switch to the Debugger Kernel location (default {\f11 c:\\program files\\common files\\borland shared\\debugger\\bordbk61.dll}
) and run the Microsoft Register Server utility with the following command:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 regsvr32 bordbk61.dll
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard \fi-720\li720\widctlpar\tx270\tx720 {\b\i Note:
\par }\pard\plain \s16\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \tab If REGSVR32 is not on your path, switch to your Windows\\System directory and run the utility with  a full path specification to the Debugger Kernel file.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Legacy Windows libraries
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par In past releases of this product, updated versions of some Micros
oft Windows DLLs were installed for you. These included OLEAUT32.DLL, OLEPRO32.DLL, MSVCRT.DLL, MSVCRT20.DLL, and MSVCRT40.DLL. In the past, we updated these libraries because Windows 95 systems required the updates in order to run provided demos and exam
ples.
\par 
\par However, we no longer check for or update these libraries, since the versions provided by current Windows versions (2000, 98 and higher) support the demos we provide.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Installer may require additional temporary space
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par If the drive containing the fold
er specified in your TMP environment variable is low on space, the Installer may halt with an error message noting the shortage. If this occurs, you'll need to assign your TMP variable to a folder on a drive with more disk space, then rerun the installati
on.
\par \pard\plain \s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs22 {\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}
\par KNOWN INSTALLATION ISSUES
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Java, InterBase paths require manual entry
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par The VisiBroker 4.5 installer looks for Sun's Java Runtime Environment (JRE) or Java Development Kit (JDK) version 1.2.2 or higher. If neither is found, JRE 1.2.2 is installed.
\par 
\par Neither the VisiBroker or Java Runtime Environment (JRE) installers set your PATH or CLASSPATH specifications to point to the JRE installation location. Unless you manually set these environment variables, programs requiring the JRE (including all VisiBro
ker programs except the OSAgent and the console, which uses a batch file) will not run. 
\par 
\par The InterBase Administration components IBInstall and IBUninstall will not work correctly unless you manually add  the <InterBase> location (default C:\\Program Files\\Borland\\InterBase) to your PATH variable.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 VisiBroker install dialog displays incorrect information
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par The VisiBroker installer displays a dialog which suggests an evaluation version is being installed. You may disregard this information. A "Named User" development license, as described in the VisiBroker license agreement, will be provided by the C++Builde
r installer.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 JRE error message on Japanese Windows systems
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par O
n Japanese Windows systems, Sun's JRE installer issues the following error message: "JRE_UPDATE_VERSION entry not found in the string table." The message may be ignored; installation of the JRE is not affected, and you may safely continue the installation
 by pressing the OK button in the error dialog.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Installer may misreport disk space requirements \line on Windows 98/Me
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par On Windows 98 and Me systems, the Microsoft Windows Installer may misreport the amount of disk space required by C++Builder. The Installer ma
y report that it needs more than 2GB of disk space. C++Builder does not require this much space. To work around this issue, exit the Installer and restart the installation.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 If your second installation CD is not recognized under XP
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par If you are installing on Windows XP and your second C++Builder 6 installation CD is not recognized, open Windows Explorer, click on the icon of the CD-ROM drive containing your installation disk, then continue your installation. This action causes XP to r
efresh the drive and recognize the "CD-changed" notification.
\par \pard\plain \s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs22 {\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}
\par REGISTERING THIS PRODUCT
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par Registration is required of all users.
\par 
\par The Registration dialog appears on first use of the product. If you choose not to register on first use, you can run the Registration application any time thereafter by selecting\line 
Start|Programs|Borland C++Builder 6|Register Now, or running the program BCB6reg.exe from your CBuilder6\\Bin folder.
\par 
\par The Registration program offers three ways to register: Online (direct registration th
rough a secure connection), by telephone, or through a Web form. If you choose to receive your activation key over the phone or via email through the Web form, the unregistered product will remain functional while you wait for the key to be provided or se
nt. When you receive your key, enter it in the appropriate field in the Registration dialog.
\par 
\par Each of the Registration options is driven by Wizards, with Help provided where necessary.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 {\b\cf6 IMPORTANT}
\par \tab Online registration requires an active Internet connection. 
The process uses port 443 for the transaction; if there is a problem using that port, an attempt is made through port 8080. If your machine is protected by a firewall and the process fails, you must either contact your system administrator to request that
 the ports noted above be made available, or use an alternate registration method, such as telephone or Web registration. Online registration also requires that all users of this copy of the software use the same software registration account when registe
ring. 
\par \pard\plain \s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs22 {\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}
\par UNINSTALLING THIS PRODUCT
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par To uninstall this release from your computer, open the Control Panel folder and double-click the Add/Remove Programs icon. Select Borland C++Builder 6 from the list, click the Add/Remove button, and follow the instructions that appear on the screen.

\par 
\par \pard \fi-720\li720\widctlpar\tx270\tx720\tx1170 {\b\i Notes:
\par }
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 \tab During installation you're asked if you want to save a copy of the installation databa
se to your hard disk drive. Doing so will allow you to uninstall without inserting the product CD. However, if the local copy of the installation database becomes damaged or is erased, the CD may be required to uninstall the product. The installation data
base ("Borland C++Builder 6.msi") can be found in the Install directory on your CD. 
\par \pard\plain \s34\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180 \f4\fs20 
\par \tab If you do not have the product CD inserted when you uninstall, you'll be prompted to locate Borland\~C++Builder\~6.msi on your hard drive (normally saved to your \\Program Files\\Borland\\
CBuilder6 directory). On Windows 98/Me systems, the Browse button (which allows you to locate your .msi) may be disabled, in which case you must type the full path to the .msi file into the "Use Feature From" field.
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 After installing C++Builder 6, any files and folders created in your \\
CBuilder6 directory and subdirectories are not removed during the uninstall process. After uninstalling, you should delete or move these files, particularly if you plan on reinstalling to the same location.
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 C++Builder 6 and other dbExpress-based applications use the registry key
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 \tab \tab HKEY_CURRENT_USER\\Software\\Borland\\DBExpress
\par \pard\plain \s34\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx180\tx360 \f4\fs20 \tab to locate the database configuration files (dbxconnections.ini and dbxdrivers.ini). 
\par \pard \s34\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180 
\par \tab 
When uninstalling C++Builder 6, you are asked if you want to remove the dbExpress registry keys. If you know that you are not using any other dbExpress-based applications, you can answer Yes. If other dbExpress applications exist on your computer, you sh
ould answer No.
\par \tab 
\par \tab If you do not delete the dbExpress registry entries and you later reinstall C++Builder to a different location, you will need to manually delete this registry key for dbExpress to recognize your new configuration file location.
\par \pard\plain \s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs22 {\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 {\i Copyright (c) 2002 Borland Software Corporation. 
\par All rights reserved.}
\par 
\par }