{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f11\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext15 code;}{\s16\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext16 note;}{\s17\fi-450\li450\widctlpar\tx450 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 numList;}{\s18\widctlpar\tx270 \i\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext18 italic;}{\s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 
\b\f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 headingSection;}{\s20\widctlpar\tx270 \b\i\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext20 howto;}{\s21\fi-360\li360\sa80\widctlpar\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvl11\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext21 listContents;}{
\s22\qc\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 important;}{\s23\qc\sb80\sa80\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20\ul\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext23 divider;}{\s24\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs36\cf10 \sbasedon0\snext24 headingProduct;}{\s25\widctlpar\tx270 \b\i\f5\fs22 
\sbasedon0\snext25 headingFileDescription;}{\s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvl11\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext26 bulletList;}{\s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 \sbasedon0\snext27 
headingSubsection;}{\s28\sb80\sa80\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext28 paraNormal;}{\*\cs29 \additive\f11 \sbasedon10 charCode;}{\s30\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext30 bulletText;}{
\s31\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvl10\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext31 numlist;}{\s32\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext32 footnote text;}{\*\cs33 \additive\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{
\s34\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon26\snext34 bullet2;}{\s35\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon30\snext35 bulletText2;}{\*\cs36 \additive\ul\cf2  Hyperlink;}{\*\cs37 \additive\b  Strong;}}{\info{\author Garry Forbes}
{\operator Garry Forbes}{\creatim\yr2000\mo8\dy16\hr22\min36}{\revtim\yr2002\mo2\dy1\hr10\min16}{\printim\yr2002\mo1\dy30\hr10\min45}{\version4}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords4507}{\nofchars25690}{\*\company Inprise Corporation}{\vern57431}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\linkstyles\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0{\*\template I:\\BUILDS\\_READMES\\BCB\\readme.dot}\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s24\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs36\cf10 C++Builder 6
\par \pard\plain \s25\widctlpar\tx270 \b\i\f5\fs22 Release Notes
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 {\b\f5\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}
\par 
\par This file contains important supplementary and late-breaking information that may not appear in the main product documentation. We recommend that you read this file in its entirety.
\par 
\par For information on new features in this release, choose "What's New" in the online Help contents.
\par \pard\plain \s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs22 {\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}
\par CONTENTS
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 OTHER RELEASE NOTES INCLUDED WITH THIS PRODUCT
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}ABOUT EDITING THE REGISTRY
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}NOTES AND ISSUES: GENERAL
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}NOTES AND ISSUES: \line WEB/DISTRIBUTED APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}NOTES AND ISSUES: DATABASE DEVELOPMENT
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}NOTES AND ISSUES: ACTIVEX/COM
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}NOTES AND ISSUES: INTERNATIONAL/LOCALES
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}NOTES AND ISSUES: ONLINE HELP
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\b\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}PRODUCT INFORMATION ON THE WEB{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs22 {\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}
\par OTHER RELEASE NOTES INCLUDED WITH THIS PRODUCT
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 INSTALL contains system requirements and product installation information.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 DEPLOY contains information about redistributing your applications. 
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 
LICENSE contains information on licensing allowances and limitations for this product and other Borland software that is bundled with it.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \tab The three files listed above, along with this file, are installed to your main product directory (default: C:\\Program Files\\Borland\\CBuilder6).
\par 
\par \tab You can also find detailed information about new features and compatibility issues in BCB6NEW.HLP, which is part of the main online Help system (look for "What's New" in the Help contents or index).
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 
BDEREADME, BDEINST, and BDEDEPLOY contain release notes, installation, and deployment information about the Borland Database Engine (BDE) and Borland SQL Links products. These files are located in your main BDE directory (installation default: c:\\
Program Files\\Common Files\\Borland Shared\\Bde).
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \tab IMPORTANT: Any BDE-related information in this README overrides any corresponding information provided in the BDE release notes.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \tab Additional notes about existing issues with BDE and utility applications supplied with BDE are covered in the KNOWN ISSUES section later in this document.
\par \pard\plain \s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs22 {\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}{\cf2 
\par }ABOUT EDITING THE WINDOWS REGISTRY
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 {\b\i\cf6 Warning:}{\cf6   
\par \tab Registry edits are performed at your own risk.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par Several items in this document and in other parts of the documentation that accompany this product describe how to edit your Windows registry. In most cases, we recommend that you use the Microsoft Regedit tool to perform your editing. Whatever tool you u
se, however, you should, before making any edits, make backups of your registry and thoroughly familiarize yourself with the editing tool and the registry editing process. The registry is a critical component of your operating system, and any mistakes mad
e while editing it can cause your machine to stop functioning.
\par \pard\plain \s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs22 {\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}{\fs32\ul\cf2 
\par }NOTES AND ISSUES:\line GENERAL
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Compatibility issues
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 
Some C++Builder 5 projects (including complex projects involving database connectivity) will not run as is. If you have trouble running a project from an earlier version, create a new C++Builder 6 project, remove the default unit, add the units from your 
old project, and recompile. 
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 Design-time packages that used ToolsAPI now also require the designide package. To add
 it, choose File|New|Other|Package; in the Package dialog, select the Requires node, then click Add; in the Add dialog, Browse to your CBuilder6\\Lib directory, and choose designide.bpi.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 Comma-delimited string handling
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \tab 
When assigning comma-delimited values to a TStringList using the CommaText property, a trailing comma in the source string will result in a blank item in the StringList. For example, if CommaText is set to: 
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 \tab "String1, String2, String3,"
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \tab The StringList will contain:
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 \tab String1
\par \tab String2
\par \tab String3
\par \tab <Blank>
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \tab This is a change in behavior from previous releases.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 
C++Builder 5 or earlier projects (command-line applications) that link to vcl.lib should change the reference to vcllink.lib. The vcl.lib included with C++Builder 6 does not contain the same functionality as the old vcl.lib. 
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par Other compatibility issues between C++Builder 6 and earlier versions of C++Builder, as well as between C++Builder 6 and other products, are described in the install.txt/.rtf document (located in your C++Buil
der6 root directory) What's New section of your online Help system (search for "Compatibility" in the Help Index).
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Updating your CORBA applications\line 
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 To update your existing CORBA applications to work with C++Builder 6, you must change the Conditional Define option in Project|Options to _USE_OLD_RW_STL.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Common controls library version note
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par Outdated versions of the Windows common controls library (COMCTL32.DLL) can result in various graphical and behavioral problems when using C++Builder and any programs y
ou develop with C++Builder. To help you avoid such problems, C++Builder provides a separate (and redistributable) common controls library updater. Running the updater will refresh an outdated common controls library, but will not replace later versions of
 the library that may have been installed on your system by other products released after C++Builder 6. Before running the updater, be sure to read the readme.txt and license.txt files that accompany it. And if you redistribute the updater to your custome
rs, be sure to include the readme and license files in the deployment.
\par 
\par The common controls updater can be run directly from your CD at:
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 \\info\\extras\\comctl\\50comupd.exe
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Environment options/environment variable usage
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par You can now use operating-system environment variables to specify directory paths in certain IDE dialogs. Use of environment variabl
es is available on the Directories/Conditionals page of the Project Options dialog and on the Library page of the Environment Options dialog. The syntax is $(VariableName). For example, under Search Path, you can now enter
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 $(TEMP);$(BCB)\\source 
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par The $(BCB) macro, used to specify directory paths, still points by default to the directory immediately above C++Builder's bin directory.
\par 
\par The Environment Options dialog now has an Environment Variables page that you can use to set OS environment variables.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 ActiveX Wizard/licensing issue
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\i [Enterprise, Professional editions only]
\par }
C++Builder does not directly support the licensing of ActiveX controls for Web deployment. License package (.LPK) files, which are required for runtime licensing of ActiveX controls, can only be generated by LPK_TOOL.EXE, a utility available in Microsoft'
s Internet SDK. For more information on the license-creation tool and how it is used, visit http://support.microsoft.com and search for "LPK".
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Class Explorer and Windows 98
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par Since some users may experience issues when using Class Explorer on Windows 98, Class Explorer is neither registered nor enabled by default on that platform.
\par 
\par If you are using Windows 98 and you want to enable Class Explorer, a file is provided on your C++Builder installation CD that will allow you to register the feature. The file, CE98.reg, is located on your CD in the folder \\info\\extras\\
. To activate it, simply double-click the file name in Windows Explorer or right-click the file name and choose Merge.
\par 
\par If you experience issues after installing the feature, you can remove the enabling registry entry by running the Windows registry editor (Regedit) and removing the value that was merged by CE98.reg. To disable Class Explorer:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s17\fi-450\li450\widctlpar\tx450 \f4\fs20 {\field{\*\fldinst {\b  SEQ num \\r 1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b\lang1024 1}}}{\b .\tab }On the Start menu, click Run. 
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\b  SEQ num \\n \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b\lang1024 2}}}{\b .\tab }Type {\cs29\f11 regedit}, then click OK. 
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\b  SEQ num \\n \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b\lang1024 3}}}{\b .\tab }Follow this path: 
\par \tab {\cs29\f11 HKEY_CURRENT_USER\\Software\\Borland\\
\par \tab \tab C++Builder\\6.0\\Known IDE Packages}
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\b  SEQ num \\n \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b\lang1024 4}}}{\b .\tab }Right-click the value {\cs29\f11 $(BCB)\\Bin\\bcbcxp60.bpl} and choose Delete. 
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par Before editing the Windows registry, please read the warning above in the item "About Editing the Windows Registry." If you are not familiar with the Regedit tool, consult your operating system Help file. 
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Other general usage issues
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 When checking variants, use the IsEmpty method instead of NULL.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 
If, after installing TeamSource, you don't see TeamSource listed on your Tools menu, you'll need to manually configure the application to r
un with C++Builder. To do that, open C++Builder, choose Tools|Configure Tools to open the Tools Options dialog, then click Add to open the Tool Properties dialog, and Browse for your TeamSource application and working directory.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 
You may encounter linker errors (including "[Linker Fatal Error] Fatal: Expected a file name:") if your project includes any paths that contain a "-" (hyphen) or "+" (plus sign). Best practice: Avoid those symbols in any paths used in your project.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 An Office XP controls demo is located on your installation CD at:
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 \tab \tab \\info\\extras\\officexpcontrols
\par \pard\plain \s34\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180 \f4\fs20 \tab All other demos are installed to your \\CBuilder6\\Examples directory.
\par \pard\plain \s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs22 {\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}{\fs32\ul\cf2 
\par }NOTES AND ISSUES:\line WEB AND DISTRIBUTED APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Using Apache modules in C++Builder 6
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par The following two steps are required when using Apache DSOs in C++Builder 6 [note: this requirement does {\i not} apply to Apache DSOs in Delphi 6]. 
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s17\fi-450\li450\widctlpar\tx450 \f4\fs20 1.\tab Choose Project|Options, then the Packages tab. Uncheck the "Build with runtime packages" checkbox. 
\par 
\par 2.\tab To load Apache modules, you must insert an underscore ("_") as the first character of any module symbols in the LoadModule entry of your http.conf file.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20  
\par Example:
\par 
\par If, for example, you export a module named hello_module and set the content type to hello-handler in your project source file, as shown here:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 {\cs29 //------------------------------------------------------}
\par extern "C"
\par \{
\par   Httpd::module __declspec(dllexport) hello_module;
\par \}
\par 
\par int WINAPI DllEntryPoint(HINSTANCE hinst, 
\par \tab unsigned long reason, void*)
\par \{
\par   try
\par   \{
\par     if (reason == DLL_PROCESS_ATTACH) \{
\par \tab \tab Apacheapp::set_module(&hello_module);
\par \tab \tab strcpy(Apacheapp::ContentType, "hello-handler");
\par \tab \tab Application->Initialize();
\par \tab \tab Application->CreateForm(__classid(TWebModule1),
\par \tab \tab \tab &WebModule1);
\par \tab \tab Application->Run();
\par     \}
\par   \}
\par   catch (Exception &exception)
\par   \{
\par   \}
\par   return 1;
\par \}
\par {\cs29 //------------------------------------------------------}
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par You would need to modify your http.conf file as follows:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 #############################################
\par LoadModule _hello_module modules/Hello.dll
\par <Location /hello>
\par         SetHandler hello-handler
\par </Location>
\par ##############################################
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Using ClearModuleList in Apache httpd.conf
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par ClearModuleList, enabled by default in Apache 1.3.22 and later (it was previously commented out), offers you two options when developing modules in C++Builder. The command appears between the LoadModule and AddModule lines in httpd.conf:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 \tab LoadModule foo_module modules/mod_foo.dll
\par \tab ...
\par {\b \tab ClearModuleList}
\par \tab ...
\par \tab AddModule mod_foo.c
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par To use the command, either:
\par  
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 Add your "LoadModule" command {\i after} the ClearModuleList line in httpd.conf.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 {\b\i or}
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 \tab In your C++Builder project file, change your module name using the strcopy function:

\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 \tab 
\par \tab strcpy(ModuleName, "MyModuleName");
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \tab \tab 
\par \tab Then use the existing LoadModule/AddModule sections in httpd.conf, specifying your new module name:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 \tab AddModule MyModuleName
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Web Services notes
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 A new Echo Service demo is available in your \\Examples\\WebServices directory.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 
The Web Services Import Wizard and Add Web Service Wizard are not fully functional. Workaround: Use the command-line import tool (wsdlimp.exe).
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 
Enum support is available to servers. However, the typeinfo of an enum cannot be explicitly accessed for registration, which means clients are not able to send the proper namespace to a server expecting enum values. Workaround: Give the .CPP module of the
 client defining the enum the same name as the server.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 You must add
\par \pard\plain \s34\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180 \f4\fs20 
\par {\cs29\f11 \tab \tab #define DYNARRAY_RTTI
\par \tab 
\par }\tab to your code in order to use dynamic arrays with Web Services.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 The default server URL for the Web App Debugger (Tools|Web\~App\~
Debugger, Start, select a listed Web\~App server, click Go to open http://localhost:1024/null) generates a "URL not found" error on versions of Netscape earlier than 6.2. The error does not occur in Internet Explorer. 
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 
The THTTPRIO component used for client SOAP connections can be lifetime-managed as either a component or as an inte
rfaced object. It is managed as a component when its owner is non-nil, such as when it is placed on a form or on a data module. In such cases, be sure to nil out any interface references that are not local variables before the owner is destroyed.
\par \pard\plain \s34\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180 \f4\fs20 \tab 
\par \tab Example:
\par 
\par {\cs29\f11 \tab //------------------------------------------------------
\par \tab #include <vcl.h>
\par \tab #pragma hdrstop
\par 
\par \tab #include "Unit1.h"
\par \tab #include "IMyInterface.h"
\par \tab 
\par \tab //------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \tab #pragma package(smart_init)
\par \tab #pragma resource "*.dfm"
\par \tab TForm1 *Form1;
\par \tab 
\par \tab //------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \tab __fastcall TForm1::TForm1(TComponent* Owner)
\par         : TForm(Owner)
\par \tab \{
\par \tab \}
\par 
\par \tab //------------------------------------------------------
\par \tab __fastcall TForm1::FormCreate(TObject *Sender)
\par \tab \{
\par   \tab IMyINterfaceIntf service;
\par   \tab HTTPRIO1->QueryInterface(service);
\par \tab \}
\par \tab 
\par }{\f11 //------------------------------------------------------
\par   __fastcall TForm1::Button1Click(TObject *Sender)
\par   \{
\par     if (service) \{
\par        service->Method(args);
\par     \}
\par   \}
\par 
\par //------------------------------------------------------
\par   __fastcall TForm1::FormDestroy(TObject *Sender)
\par   \{
\par     service = 0;
\par   \}}{\cs29\f11 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 WebConnection issue on Windows XP
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par If using WebConnection on Windows XP, you may encounter the error "Method not allowed (405)" when attempting to get the servername dropdown list. Solution: Set up a virtual path. Steps:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s17\fi-450\li450\widctlpar\tx450 \f4\fs20 1.\tab 
Open your Computer Management Console. You can open the console in a number of ways, including running "compmgmt.msc" from a command prompt, opening Control Panel's Administrative Tools, or by right-clicking on "My Computer" and choosing Manage. 
\par 2.\tab In the Computer Management Console, expand Services and Applications,  Internet Information Services, and Web Sites. Right-click Default Web Site, then choose New|Virtual Directory.
\par 3.\tab Follow the steps in the Virtual Directory Creation Wizard.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 DataSnap notes
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 
The TSoapConnection component now defaults to a different interface: IAppServerSOAP. Reasons for the change:
\par \pard\plain \s34\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180 \f4\fs20 \tab 
\par \tab a) IAppServer requires the safe calling convention and the latter is not available on C++, and
\par \tab \tab 
\par \tab b) Avoidance of the remote use of OLE Variants. 
\par \tab 
\par \tab If you want to use a C++ client with current Delphi and Kylix SOAP Data Module servers, be sure to set the 'UseSOAPAdapter' property to false. This will cause the component to revert to IAppServer.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Using the Web App Debugger with C++Builder 5 projects
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par To run C++Builder 5 Web Server Applications using the C++Builder 6 Web App Debugger, it is necessary to create a new Web Server Application, selecting "Web App Debugger executable" as the server type. Then remove the default WebModule and add your existin
g WebModules to the new application. For each WebModule you add, add the following code to the unit's initialization section:
\par 
\par {\f11 static void initFunc()
\par \{
\par   WebRequestHandler()->WebModuleClass = __classid(TWebModule2);
\par \}
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 #pragma startup initFunc 31
\par //-------------------------
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par Note that "TWebModule2" should be replaced with the name of the actual WebModule.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 WebSnap notes
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 Environment options: 
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \tab 
\par \tab The Internet tab is used to set some WebSnap configuration options.
\par \tab 
\par \tab An external HTML editor must be specified in order to enable the HTML editor command in the Internet toolbar.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 InterBase 6.5 implementation note
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \tab If you are using a WebSnap application with InterBase 6.5, a local database connection is not recommended. Instead, use a client/server conn
ection specified by a protocol-specific prefix to the path to the database.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 \tab Examples:
\par 
\par \tab Local connection (not recommended):
\par \tab {\cs29\f11 C:\\PathTo\\Database\\DBName.gdb}
\par 
\par \tab TCP/IP connection on Windows:
\par \tab {\cs29\f11 saturn:C:\\PathTo\\Database\\DBName.gdb}
\par 
\par \tab TCP/IP connection on UNIX:
\par \tab {\cs29\f11 jupiter:/usr/PathTo/Database/DBName.gdb}
\par 
\par \tab NetBEUI connection:
\par \tab {\cs29\f11 \\\\venus\\C:\\PathTo\\Database\\DBName.gdb}
\par 
\par \tab IPX/SPX connection:
\par \tab {\cs29\f11 mars@vol2:\\PathTo\\Database\\DBName.gdb}
\par 
\par \tab If the WebSnap application is on the same machine as the server, you can use localhost:
\par \tab {\cs29\f11 localhost:C:\\PathTo\\Database\\DBName.gdb
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 {\cs29\f11 
\par }\pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 MSXML.DLL required for SOAP, WSDL, and XMLMapper
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par The MSXML.DLL library must be present and registered in order to use the new SOAP, WSDL, and XMLMapper features included with this product. If the library is not present on your machine, you can obtain it as part of an XML Parser package from the Microsof
t Download Center at:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/search.asp?
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par Choose the "Keyword Search" option, then search for "MSXML".
\par 
\par To register the library from a command prompt, cd to the location where the MSXML.DLL file is installed (e.g. \\winnt\\system32), then type
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 REGSVR32 MSXML.DLL
\par \pard\plain \s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs22 {\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}{\cf2 
\par }NOTES AND ISSUES:\line DATABASE DEVELOPMENT
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 How to statically link dbExpress drivers
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par Static linking of dbExpress drivers (dbxdsnint.lib for InterBase, dbxdsnora.lib for Oracle, dbxdsndb2.lib for DB2, or dbxdsnmys.lib for MySQL 3.23.x) in C++Builder is a two-step process: Link the driver, then register both the driver and the DataSnap libr
ary. You can enter this code in your TForm constructor.
\par The .lib files are located in your \\cbuilder6\\lib directory. 
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 {\b\i Important: }{\i 
\par }\tab Do not link more than one dbExpress driver into a project. Linking more than one driver will cause linking errors and may require a corrective shutdown of C++Builder.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par The following example uses the InterBase driver.
\par 
\par {\b Step 1.}  Include the dbExpress/DataSnap header file:
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 
\par #include <dbxdsnint.h>
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20  
\par {\b Step 2.} Register the static library:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 RegisterDbXpressLib(::getSQLDriverINTERBASE);
\par RegisterMidasLib(::DllGetClassObject);
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 {\b\i Note: }{\i 
\par }\tab DataSnap (a part of what was formerly known as MIDAS) is linked in to each dbExpress driver for C++Builder 6. Thus, if you need to statically link DataSnap only for access to midaslib, simply link in any of the drivers listed above.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Updating existing dbExpress configuration files
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par If the shared dbExpress configuration files dbxconnections.ini and dbxdrivers.ini already exist (default location \\Program Files\\Common Files\\Borland Shared\\DBExpress), C++Builder w
ill not overwrite them. Instead, it will install updated configuration files named dbxconnections.win and dbxdrivers.win into the same location as the existing configuration files. To use the new configuration information, first back up the existing .ini 
files, then manually merge the new data (using any text editor) from the .win files into the .ini files. 
\par 
\par {\b Important note for Informix users}: If you have Delphi 6 installed, you will need to merge the Informix information from the dbx*.win files into your dbx*.ini files, as described above.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 DB2 notes for dbExpress
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 
The provided DB2 driver is certified for DB2 version 7 only. The client version and server version must match. BDE also supports DB2 version 7 only. 
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Oracle notes for dbExpress
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 
The Oracle driver provided for dbExpress components is certified for Oracle 8.1.7. BDE and ADO also support Oracle 8.1.6. In all cases, the client version and server version must be the same. 
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 When qualifying a table name with a user name, you must use quotes ar
ound the table name when CommandType is set to ctTable.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 InterBase 6 Dialect 3
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par To use the new InterBase 6 or 6.5 Dialect 3 features, add an entry to your Windows registry under
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 \tab HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\SOFTWARE\\
\par \tab \tab Borland\\Database Engine\\Settings
\par \tab \tab \\Drivers\\Intrbase\\Db Open\\SQLDIALECT 
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 and set the value to "3". 
\par 
\par When an InterBase alias is created, the new entry will be available in the .CFG file. 
\par 
\par To use InterBase 5.6, SQLDIALECT can be set to "1" (existing IB aliases which do not have the SQLDIALECT entry default to SQLDIALECT=1 or to the registry setting when the SQLDIALECT entry is added to the registry). 
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Informix BLOB/CLOB fields
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par A new global variable, InformixLob, is available to allow you to work with Informix BLOB and CLOB fields.
\par 
\par The variable is required because Informix BLOB (fldBLOB, fldstHBINARY) and CLOB (fldBLOB, fldstHMEMO) fields are mapped as ftOraBlob and ftOraClob, respectively, and the DataSnap resolver performs special query generation when resolving Oracle BLOB/CLOB f
ields, but not when resolving Informix BLOB/CLOBs. To address this issue, set InformixLob to True when using Informix BLOB/CLOBs, and switch it back to False (the default) when using Oracle BLOB/CLOBs.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Oracle LONG and LONG RAW fields
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par When using Oracle, the size of LONG and LONG RAW fields cannot be determined without fetching the whole field. So if BLOB SIZE is set to -1, LONG and LONG RAW fields are truncated to 64K. Recommendation: Set BLOB SIZE to your best estimate of the blob siz
e.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Other database development notes
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 
C++Builder 6 supports InterBase 6.0 and 6.5. The client version and server version must be the same.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 
C++Builder 6 installs sample database files that are compatible with the provided InterBase 6.5. Sample databases which are compatible with older versions of InterBase are on your CD in the Info\\Extras directory.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 
Enterprise edition only: Microsoft Data Access Components (MDAC) components are available for separate installation by running MDAC_TYP.EXE from the \\MDAC directory on your product CD. 
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 
A VCL hierarchy change involving TClientDataSet and TCustomClientDataSet causes incompatible parameter lists and affects the behavior of a number of types and events. For details, see What's New Help and search the index for the phrase "compatibility".

\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 The MySQL driver (dbexpmysql.dll) has been tested with MySQL version 3.23.45.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 The new Informix driver (dbexpinf.dll) has been tested with Informix version 9.2.1.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s26\fi-173\li173\widctlpar\tx180\tx270{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent173\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 The Borland Database Engine CAB file (BDEINST.CAB) is no longer digitally signed. Th
is CAB file is provided for backward compatibility. For new applications, we recommend deploying the BDE with the BDE merge modules.
\par \pard\plain \s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs22 {\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}{\fs32\ul\cf2 
\par }NOTES AND ISSUES:\line ACTIVEX/COM
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Variant code failing to compile
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par Code which uses the TVariant class may fail to compile with an error involving a missing template specialization parameter specification. This is due to a problem with the way template expansion is handled by the compiler. If you encounter this error, ope
n the Compiler page of the Project Options dialog and ensure that 'disable inline expansions' is {\i NOT} checked.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Delphi-style custom variants
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par Delphi-style custom variants are not supported in C++Builder. Thus, you should not create descendants of TCustomVariant.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 TVariantInParam
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par Interface and Variant parameters are no longer passed as smart pointers. As a result, TVariantInParam has been deprecated and code which uses it should be updated.
\par \pard\plain \s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs22 {\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}{\fs32\ul\cf2 
\par }NOTES AND ISSUES:\line INTERNATIONAL/LOCALES
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Menu Shortcut Conflicts
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par Menu shortcuts in the IDE may conflict with system shortcuts and international character key combinations. If you want to disable the Ctrl+Alt hot keys in the IDE, set this DWORD registry key:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tx270 \f11\fs20 \tab HKEY_CURRENT_USER\\Software\\Borland\\CBuilder\\6.0\\
\par \tab \tab Editor\\Options\\NoCtrlAltKeys
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par to "1".
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Resource DLL Wizard and Windows 2000 locales
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par The Resource DLL wizard requires a distinct two- or three-letter file extension for each translated version of a project it maintains. For some languages that are written in both Latin and Cy
rillic characters, however, Windows 2000 uses the same default extension regardless of the character set (as shown in the table below). If you want to maintain both Latin and Cyrillic versions for such languages, change the extension for one of the transl
ations when you run the Resource DLL wizard.
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx2610\cellx4230\cellx5850 \pard \widctlpar\intbl {\b\i Language\cell Locale ID\cell Extension\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\b\i \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx2610\cellx4230\cellx5850 \pard \widctlpar\intbl 
\cell  \cell  \cell \pard \widctlpar\intbl \row \pard \widctlpar\intbl Azeri (Cyrillic)\cell 82C\cell AZE\cell \pard \widctlpar\intbl \row \pard \widctlpar\intbl Azeri (Latin)\cell 42C\cell AZE\cell \pard \widctlpar\intbl \row \pard \widctlpar\intbl 
\cell  \cell  \cell \pard \widctlpar\intbl \row \pard \widctlpar\intbl Uzbek (Cyrillic)\cell 843\cell UZB\cell \pard \widctlpar\intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx2610\cellx4230\cellx5850 \pard \widctlpar\intbl Uzbek (Latin)\cell 443\cell UZB
\cell \pard \widctlpar\intbl \row \pard\plain \s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs22 {\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}
\par NOTES AND ISSUES:\line ONLINE HELP
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 How to disengage CLX Help Reference linking 
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 [Applies to Enterprise and Professional editions only]
\par 
\par The default Help installation for C++Builder 6 includes documentation for two component libraries: the familiar Visual Component Library (VCL) for Windows development, and the new CLX library documentation for cross-platform development. As a result, you'
ll often be presented with a choice of two titles when seeking information on a specific object or property--one title from the VCL reference, and the other from the CLX r
eference. If, however, you are doing Windows platform development only and you'd like to forego the library choice when summoning Help, you can easily disengage the CLX reference from the main Help system's linking mechanisms. Here's how:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s17\fi-450\li450\widctlpar\tx450 \f4\fs20 {\field{\*\fldinst {\b  SEQ num \\r 1 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b\lang1024 1}}}{\b .\tab }If C++Builder Help is running, close it (no need to close the C++Builder IDE, though).
\par 
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\b  SEQ num \\n \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b\lang1024 2}}}{\b .\tab }Using any text editor, open the files BCB6.OHL, BCB6.OHI, and BCB6.OHC (all are located in your CBuilder6\\Help directory).
\par 
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\b  SEQ num \\n \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b\lang1024 3}}}{\b .\tab }In each file, comment out each line containing the string "BLX2CLX" by entering a semicolon as the first character on the line.
\par 
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\b  SEQ num \\n \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b\lang1024 4}}}{\b .\tab }Save each file.
\par 
\par {\field{\*\fldinst {\b  SEQ num \\n \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b\lang1024 5}}}{\b .\tab }In your CBuilder6\\Help folder, delete any hidden files with the extension "GID". Also delete any files with an extension beginning with "F". 
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-270\li270\widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 {\b Note}: 
\par \tab All of these files are automatically generated by Help, and wi
ll be restored the next time C++Builder Help is run. The GID is a General Index file, and the "F" files are generated when you run a full-text search from the Help Topics dialog. Deleting these files--always recommended when you alter the Help system conf
iguration or install updated Help files--will assure proper indexing and database searching when you restart Help.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s17\fi-450\li450\widctlpar\tx450 \f4\fs20 {\field{\*\fldinst {\b  SEQ num \\n \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b\lang1024 6}}}{\b .\tab }Restart Help, either by running BCB6.HLP directly from your CBuilder6\\
Help folder, or by starting it from the IDE using the Help menu or F1. The BLX2CLX.HLP topics should now be excluded from your searches and indexes. 
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par If you also delete the BLX2CLX files from your CBuilder6\\Help folder and later decide to restore them (from CD), remember to uncomment the BLX2CLX lines in your *.OH? files to allow the files to be linked back into your larger Help system.
\par 
\par You can also use the BCB6.OH* file set to disengage any other part of the Help system (apart from the core BCB6.* set), or add your own Help files to the system.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 STL Help
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par C++Builder now uses STLport as the default STL implementation, and the full set of SGI's online documentation is provided with the product. However, the SGI documentation is in HTML format, and context sensitive search capability is not provided for this 
release of C++Builder. Instead, context-sensitive searches on STL classes will continue to use the Rogue Wave STL online help. SGI's online documentation is available from C++Builder's Help menu. You can also open the documentation directly, 
by opening the file called bcb6_stlport.html in the main Help directory. For more information about the STLport project, you can also refer to www.stlport.com.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Windows Help index limitation on Windows 98/Me
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par The Windows Help engine on Windows 98 and Me uses a 16-bit list box in the Help Topics dialog's Index tab, and can display no more than 32,767 keywords. If this limitation is exceeded, the Index is blank. If you are using one of these operating systems, y
ou may note that the Help Index control file (bc
b6.ohi) has been modified to exclude a number of Help files from the Index. This modification does not affect other Help system functionality--such as crossfile linking or F1 accessibility--and you can expand the index or modify it further to include or e
xclude any Help file reference by adding or removing semi-colon comment marks before ":Index" entries. When modifying the .OHI file, however, you must keep the WinHelp viewer limitation in mind to avoid the "blank index" problem.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Keeping your Help Index pointers current
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par Whenever your C++Builder Help system is modified or reconfigured, be sure to delete any hidden *.GID files in your CBuilder6/Help directory before restarting Help. 
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 SHED and MRBC utilities not included
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par The Help file for the Help Compiler Workshop (HCW) product states that two utilities--SHED.EXE and MRBC.EXE--are included with HCW. We do not, however, ship these utilities with our distribution of HCW. They are included in the full HCW distribution, avai
lable free from the Microsoft Web site.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Help may include references \line to features not available in your edition
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par Your Help system may include references to features or functionality that is not available in your edition of C++Builder. For example, the Help system included with the Personal Edition includes topics that describe cross-platform development and WebSnap 
features. These sections of the Help system may be ignored. If you'd like more information about such features and the advantages of upgrading to a version of C++Builder that includ
es them, however, check the C++Builder home site at  http://www.borland.com/bcppbuilder/.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 "Unable to display Find tab" message
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par If you receive an "Unable to display Find tab" message when attempting to generate a full-text search in Help, close Help, remove all *.fts files in your \\WINNT\\Help (or \\Windows\\
Help) directory, remove all *.gid (hidden index files) and *.f?? files in your \\CBuilder6\\Help directory, then restart Help and run full-text search again. Background: WinHelp automatically generates *.gi
d and *.f?? files when you run Help or when you run a full-text search. If Help components are updated or added, existing copies of these files can cause indexing problems. Removing the auto-generated files allows regeneration of indexes and positional in
formation when Help is rerun.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 VCL hierarchy chart errata
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par On the VCL hierarchy chart, TWebContainedComponent looks like it descends from TIBTimer. It actually descends from TComponent.
\par \pard\plain \s19\sb80\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs22 {\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}{\fs32\ul\cf2 
\par }PRODUCT INFORMATION ON THE WEB
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par In addition to numerous private sites that offer information, instruction, and samples, the following Borland Web-based resources provide a continuous stream of news, product information, updates, code, and other materials. You can connect to many of thes
e resources directly from the Help menu.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 C++Builder Direct [Help|C++Builder Direct]
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par This IDE add-in resource provides an automatically updated list of links to the latest news, downloads, and other information about C++Builder and Borland.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 Code Central
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par The CodeCentral Repository is a free, searchable database of code, tips, and other materials of interest to developers. For details and registration information, visit http://community.borland.com/codecentral/
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s27\sb120\widctlpar\tx270 \b\f5\fs18 The Borland Web site
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\tx270 \f4\fs20 
\par Borland Software Corporation home page:
\par   http://www.borland.com/
\par   [IDE: Help|Borland Home Page]
\par 
\par C++Builder home page:     
\par   http://www.borland.com/bcppbuilder/
\par   [IDE: Help|C++Builder Home Page]
\par 
\par C++Builder developer support:
\par   http://www.borland.com/devsupport/bcppbuilder/
\par   [IDE: Help|C++Builder Developer Support]
\par   
\par C++Builder updates and other downloads:
\par   http://www.borland.com/downloads/
\par   
\par C++Builder documentation site:
\par   http://www.borland.com/techpubs/bcppbuilder/
\par 
\par Newsgroups:
\par   http://www.borland.com/newsgroups/
\par 
\par Worldwide offices and distributors:
\par   http://www.borland.com/bww/
\par 
\par FTP site (anonymous access):
\par   ftp.borland.com
\par {\b\f5\fs32\ul\cf10 ________________________}
\par {\i Copyright (c) 2002 Borland Software Corporation. 
\par All rights reserved.}
\par 
\par }