C++Builder 6


============================================================
ADDITIONAL LICENSE TERMS
FOR DEPLOYING MULTI-TIER PROGRAMS


============================================================

This version of the software may include redistributable
files identified as "ClientDataset Redistributables" for
creating multi-tier application programs. Installation and
use of the ClientDataset Redistributables for supporting
data sharing among two or more computers requires purchase
of a DataSnap Deployment License, available separately from
Borland.

"Data sharing" refers to any use of the ClientDataset
Redistributables for supporting the transmission by any
means of data from one computer to another for use by
ClientDataset Redistributables installed on another
computer. Note that purchase of a DataSnap Deployment
License is not required for deploying an application which
does not use ClientDataset Redistributables for supporting
such data sharing among computers.

This product does not include deployment rights for the
VisiBroker CORBA ORB. When deploying an application
requiring CORBA services, you must first obtain VisiBroker
Deployment licenses, available separately from Borland.

For more information on DataSnap and its licensing options,
see Borland's World Wide Web site at the URL below, or
contact your local Borland sales office.

http://www.borland.com/DataSnap/

For more information on VisiBroker, see Borland's World Wide
Web site at the URL below, or contact your local Borland
sales office.

http://www.Borland.com/visibroker/



============================================================
Copyright (c) 2002 Borland Software Corporation.
All rights reserved.

