{\rtf1\ansi

{\fonttbl
   {\f0\fswiss Arial;}
   {\f1\froman Times New Roman;}
}

{\colortbl;
   \red000\green000\blue000;
   \red255\green000\blue000;
   \red000\green255\blue000;
   \red000\green000\blue255;
   \red255\green255\blue000;
   \red255\green000\blue255;
   \red000\green255\blue255;
   \red128\green000\blue000;
   \red000\green128\blue000;
   \red000\green000\blue128;
   \red128\green128\blue000;
   \red128\green000\blue128;
   \red000\green128\blue128;
   \red128\green128\blue128;
   \red255\green255\blue255;
}

#{\footnote BlazerContext}
${\footnote Blazer Help File}
K{\footnote Blazer}
\f0\fs28\cf4
Blazer Help File
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
\par
The main context page for the help file. It may contain jumps to other
 pages.\par
\par
\page

#{\footnote IDH_CM_FILESELECT}
K{\footnote Adding a file to MRU}
${\footnote Adding a file to MRU}
\f0\fs28\cf4
Adding A File To MRU
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
\par
This menu choice selects a file from the Open File common dialog and
 adds it into the most-recently-used list.\par
\par
To select multiple files, see {\uldb TListWindow}{\v IDH_LISTWIND}.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_CM_CONTEXTSELECT}
K{\footnote Adding files to MRU}
${\footnote Adding files to MRU}
\f0\fs28\cf4
Adding Files to MRU
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
\par
This button adds the selected files in the {\uldb TListWindow}{\v IDH_LISTWIND}
 into the most-recently-used list.\par
\par
\page

#{\footnote IDH_CM_FILESEND}
K{\footnote Sending files using MAPI}
${\footnote Sending files using MAPI}
\f0\fs28\cf4
Sending Files Using MAPI
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
\par
This menu choice sends the selected files in the {\uldb TListWindow}{\v IDH_LISTWIND}
 using MAPI.\par
\par
\page

#{\footnote IDH_CM_EXIT}
K{\footnote Exiting the application}
${\footnote Exiting the application}
\f0\fs28\cf4
Exiting The Application
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
\par
This menu choice terminates the application.\par
\par
\page

#{\footnote IDH_CM_HELPABOUT}
K{\footnote About Blazer}
${\footnote About Blazer}
\f0\fs28\cf4
About Blazer
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
\par
This menu choice creates a modal window with WinG animation in it.\par
\par
\page

#{\footnote IDH_TREEWIND}
K{\footnote TreeView Control;TTreeWindow}
${\footnote TreeView Control (TTreeWindow)}
\f0\fs28\cf4
TreeView Control (TTreeWindow)
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
\par
This control shows the directories of a particular drive. Select a directory
 to see the files in that directory displayed in the {\uldb TListWindow}{\v IDH_LISTWIND}.\par
\page

#{\footnote IDH_LISTWIND}
K{\footnote ListView Control;TListWindow}
${\footnote ListView Control (TListWindow)}
\f0\fs28\cf4
ListView Control (TListWindow)
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
\par
This control shows the files in the selected directory of the TreeView
 control. You can select files to perform either of two actions on those files:
 {\uldb Adding the files to a most-recently-used list}{\v IDH_CM_CONTEXTSELECT} or
 {\uldb Sending the files using MAPI}{\v IDH_CM_FILESEND}.\par
\page

#{\footnote IDH_ABOUTOK}
K{\footnote Ok button;About Window}
${\footnote Ok button (About Window)}
\f0\fs28\cf4
Ok Button (About Window)
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
\par
This button closes the about window.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_ABOUTWINDOW}
K{\footnote About Window}
${\footnote About Window}
\f0\fs28\cf4
About Window
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
\par
This resizable window demonstrates the WinG encapsulation in OWL. It also
 showcases layout windows.\par
\page

#{\footnote IDH_ABOUTHELP}
K{\footnote Help button;About Window}
${\footnote Help button (About Window)}
\f0\fs28\cf4
Help Button
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
\par
This button displays help about this window.
\page

#{\footnote IDH_ABOUTOPTIONS}
K{\footnote Options button;About Window}
${\footnote Options button (About Window)}
\f0\fs28\cf4
Options
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
\par
This button displays a property-page dialog.\par
\page

#{\footnote IDH_DESTRUCTIVE}
K{\footnote Destructive BitBlt}
${\footnote Destructive BitBlt}
\f0\fs28\cf4
Destructive BitBlt
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
\par
This radiobutton causes destructive blitting of the bitmap. Since part
 of the bitmap is the same color as the background of the window, it
 appears as if the bitmap is erasing after itself.\par
\page

#{\footnote IDH_SPRITE}
K{\footnote Sprite BitBlt}
${\footnote Sprite BitBlt}
\f0\fs28\cf4
Sprite BitBlt
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
\par
This radiobutton causes transparent blitting of the bitmap. This means
 whatever was on the screen before the blitting, remains after the blitting.
\par
\page

#{\footnote IDH_SOUND}
K{\footnote Enable bouncing sound}
${\footnote Enable bouncing soudn}
\f0\fs28\cf4
Enable Bouncing Sound
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
\par
This checkbox enables a bouncing sound whenever the ball hits a wall.\par
\par
\page

#{\footnote IDH_RANDOM}
K{\footnote Random factor}
${\footnote Random factor}
\f0\fs28\cf4
Random Factor
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
\par
Use this slider to vary the random factor of the bitmap's movement.\par
\page

#{\footnote IDH_DELTA}
K{\footnote Delta factor}
${\footnote Delta factor}
\f0\fs28\cf4
Delta Factor
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
\par
Use this slider to vary the absolute delta of the bitmap's movement.\par
\page

#{\footnote IDH_DELAY}
K{\footnote Delay factor}
${\footnote Delay factor}
\f0\fs28\cf4
Delay Factor
\par
\f0\fs20\cf1
\par
Use this slider to vary the speed of the bitmap's movement.\par
\page

}

