{\rtf1\ansi \deff5\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helvetica;}{\f11\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier New;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\li180\ri144\sb240\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \b\f9\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\li180\ri144\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\li360\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \b\f5 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive
\f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s16\li180\ri144\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext16 footnote text;}{\s17\li576\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 Normal Indent;}{
\s18\fi-216\li360\ri144\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx360 \f11\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext18 Code;}{\s19\li360\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 In1;}{\s20\fi-216\li360\ri144\sb140\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext0 H2;}{\s21\li360\ri144\sb140\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 H3;}{\s22\fi-187\li360\ri144\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx360 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 LS1;}{\s23\fi-180\li540\ri144\sa60\sl240\slmult0
\nowidctlpar\tx540 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon22\snext23 LS2;}{\s24\fi-2563\li2707\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx2700 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext24 T2;}{\s25\li180\ri144\sl-43\slmult0\nowidctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw
\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext26 TLine;}{\s26\fi-4003\li4147\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx2340\tx4140 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext26 T3;}{\s27\fi-4363\li4507\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx1620\tx3060\tx4500 
\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext27 T4;}{\s28\li180\ri144\sa104\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \b\f5\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 H1;}{\s29\fi-216\li360\ri144\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx360 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon22\snext29 NUM1;}{\s30\fi-216\li576\ri144\sa60\sl240\slmult0
\nowidctlpar\tx576 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon29\snext30 NUM2;}{\s31\li144\sl240\slmult0\keep\nowidctlpar\tx360\tx547\tx720\tx907\tx1080\tx1267 \f11\fs20 \sbasedon18\snext31 CodeNW;}{\s32\li360\sl240\slmult0\keep\nowidctlpar\tx540\tx720\tx907\tx1080\tx1267\tx1440 
\f11\fs20 \sbasedon31\snext32 CodeNWIn;}{\s33\li180\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keep\nowidctlpar\tx360\tx547\tx720\tx907\tx1080\tx1267 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext20 Syntax;}{\s34\fi-216\li360\ri144\sb120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx2347\tx4147 \b\f5\fs20 
\sbasedon20\snext25 THead;}{\s35\fi-576\li720\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx8820 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Note;}{\s36\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext36 TCell;}{\s37\li180\ri144\sl240\slmult0
\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx1440\tx2700\tx3960 \f5\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 H1Link;}{\s38\li180\ri144\sa104\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f5\cf2 \sbasedon28\snext37 H1ns;}{\s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext39 
endnote text;}{\*\cs40 \additive\super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}{\s41\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext41 header;}{\s42\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0
\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext42 footer;}}{\info{\author James Von Hendy}{\creatim\yr1995\mo2\dy2\hr10\min52}{\version1}{\edmins2}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49221}}
\widowctrl\endnotes\aendnotes\ftnnrlc\aftnnar\hyphcaps0 \fet1\sectd \linex0 {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s28\li180\ri144\sa104\sl240\slmult0
\nowidctlpar \b\f5\cf2 {\cs40\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super #} MastappHelpContents}${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar 
\f5\fs20 {\cs40\super $} MASTAPP Help Contents}K{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super K} Contents; MASTAPP}} MASTAPP Help Contents
\par \pard\plain \li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 Click the underlined text that matches a button's label to learn more about the parts of  MASTAPP, the sample application that demonstrates Borland C++Builder\rquote 
s database capabilities.
\par Help for each button describes the button's purpose in the application, lists the MASTAPP project files used to build that part of the application, and details significant database and C++Builder features that the button illustrates.
\par \pard\plain \s22\fi-187\li360\ri144\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx360 \f5\fs20 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab {\uldb New Orders}{\v NewOrders} enters new customer orders.
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab {\uldb Browse}{\v BrowseForm} examines existing orders.
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab {\uldb Parts}{\v PartsForm} maintains the MAST inventory.
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab {\uldb Reports}{\v QuickReports} prints MASTAPP reports using Quick Reports.
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab {\uldb Close}{\v CloseButton} exits MASTAPP.
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab {\uldb Help}{\v HelpOnHelp} describes how MASTAPP help is implemented.
\par \pard\plain \li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 Click {\uldb Splash Screen}{\v SplashScreen} to learn about the banner that appears when you start MASTAPP.
\par \pard\plain \s28\li180\ri144\sa104\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \b\f5\cf2 \page {\cs40\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super #} SelectCustomer}${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain 
\s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super $} Select Customer}K{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super K}
 select customers; choose customers; customers by name}} Select Customer
\par \pard\plain \li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 
This form enables you to select a customer by name for placing new orders, or for browsing existing orders. Select the desired customer, and click OK. The Select Customer form is the same form used by {\uldb Select Part}{\v SelectPart}
, except that the data source and data fields are different.
\par Source code for this form can be found in:
\par SRCHDLG.CPP
\par SRCHDLG.H
\par SRCHDLG.DFM
\par \pard\plain \s28\li180\ri144\sa104\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \b\f5\cf2 \page {\cs40\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super #} SelectPart}${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain 
\s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super $} Select Part}K{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super K} select parts; choose parts; parts by name}} Select Part

\par \pard\plain \li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 This form enables you to select a part by name when entering customer orders. Select the desired part, and click OK. The Select Part form is the same form used by {\uldb Select Customer
}{\v SelectCustomer}, except that the data source and data fields are different.
\par Source code for this form can be found in:
\par SRCHDLG.CPP
\par SRCHDLG.H
\par SRCHDLG.DFM
\par \pard\plain \s38\li180\ri144\sa104\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f5\cf2 \page {\cs40\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super #} NewOrders}${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain 
\s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super $} New Orders}K{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super K} orders; new orders; enter new orders}} New Orders
\par \pard\plain \li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 New Orders enables you to enter new customer orders, modify existing customer orders, browse existing orders, or print the current order.
\par The form contains two {\i TDBNavigator} controls, one for editing and inserting records, and another for navigating among records. When you enter a new record, the navigation buttons are disabled, and only the Post and Insert bu
ttons are enabled on the other control. When you browse existing records, the navigation buttons are enabled. When you edit a record, all navigation buttons on both navigator controls are enabled as appropriate.
\par A mode indicator in the upper right corner of the form indicates whether you are {\uldb inserting}{\v InsertMode}, {\uldb editing}{\v EditMode}, or {\uldb browsing}{\v BrowseMode}.
\par Source code for the New Orders form can be found in:
\par EDORDERS.CPP
\par EDORDERS.H
\par EDORDERS.DFM
\par \pard\plain \s28\li180\ri144\sa104\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \b\f5\cf2 \page {\cs40\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super #} InsertMode}${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain 
\s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super $} Insert Mode}K{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super K} insert mode; inserting orders}} Insert Mode
\par \pard\plain \li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 The following behavior can be expected on the {\uldb New Orders}{\v NewOrders} form in insert mode.
\par The OrderNo is automatically filled in with the next available order number and displayed in the upper right hand corner of the form. The Date {\i TDBEdit} control is automatically filled in with today's date. Select a customer from the CompanyCombo {\i 
TDBLookupComboBox.} When you select a customer from the list, the application fills in the rest of the customer information in the Bill To edit controls. You can cut an
d paste from the Bill To edit controls to the Ship To edit controls, or enter different values as appropriate.
\par The Sold By, Terms, Payment, and Ship Via fields are TDBComboBox controls tied to the ORDERS table. You can select values for these fields from the drop-down lists.
\par You can enter parts ordered by the customer in the TDBGrid control.  You can double-click in the grid, or click the elipsis button in the grid to select parts from the MAST inventory. Both methods invoke the {\uldb Select Part}{\v SelectPart} form.
\par As parts are entered in the grid, calculations are automatically performed to update the values in the Subtotal, Tax Rate, Tax Total, Freight, and Due database edit controls. These controls, and the Paid control, are connected to the ORDERS table. When th
e new record is posted, these values are inserted into the ORDERS table.
\par \pard\plain \s28\li180\ri144\sa104\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \b\f5\cf2 \page {\cs40\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super #} EditMode}${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain 
\s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super $} Edit Mode}K{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super K} edit mode; editing orders}} Edit Mode
\par \pard\plain \li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 The following behavior can be expected on the {\uldb New Orders}{\v NewOrders} form in edit mode.
\par The first record in the ORDERS table is displayed in the form.  Use the navigation controls to scroll through all records. You can modify fields within records as long as those fields are not read-only.
\par You can enter parts ordered by the customer in the TDBGrid control.  You can double-click in the grid, or click the elipsis button in the grid to select parts from the MAST inventory. Both methods invoke the {\uldb Select Part}{\v SelectPart} form.
\par As parts are entered in the grid, calculations are automatically performed to update the values in the Sub
total, Tax Rate, Tax Total, Freight, and Due database edit controls. These controls, and the  Paid control, are connected to the ORDERS table. When the new record is posted, these values are inserted into the ORDERS table.
\par \pard\plain \s28\li180\ri144\sa104\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \b\f5\cf2 \page {\cs40\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super #} BrowseMode}${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain 
\s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super $} Browse Mode}K{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super K} browse mode; browsing orders}} Browse Mode
\par \pard\plain \li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 The following behavior can be expected on the {\uldb New Orders}{\v NewOrders} form in edit mode.
\par The first record in the ORDERS table is displayed in the form.  Use the navigation controls to scroll through all records.  If you attempt to modify any field in a record you enter {\uldb Edit Mode}{\v EditMode}.
\par \pard\plain \s38\li180\ri144\sa104\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f5\cf2 \page {\cs40\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super #} BrowseForm}${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain 
\s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super $} Browse}K{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super K}
 browse orders by customers; orders by customer; customer orders}} Browse
\par \pard\plain \li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 To examine orders placed by customers, click the Browse button. It invokes the Orders By Customer form.
\par Orders By Customer displays two {\i TDBGrid} controls. The top control displays all MAST customers, ordered by cu
stomer number. When the form first appears, the first customer number in the CUSTOMER table is selected. The bottom grid displays all orders associated with the current customer number.
\par Use the {\i TDBNavigator}
 control to scroll on either grid. To establish which grid the navigator affects, click on the desired grid. If you scroll to a different record on the customer grid, the orders grid changes to reflect those orders associated with the current customer num
ber. Scrolling the bottom grid lets you see all orders associated with the current customer number.
\par The Define Query button invokes the Specify Range dialog box, where you can enter a narrower range of dates against which to check for customer invoices, in order to reduce the number of records returned in customer grid. After you define a query, use the
 Activate Query button to execute the query. When a query is active, the Activate Query button remains in a depressed state. To deactivate the query and restore the default customer list display, click the Activate Query button again.
\par The Orders By Customer form demonstrates how to switch data sources for a control programmatically at run time. The Define Query and Activate Query code demonstrates how to construct parameterized SQL queries from user input at run time, and how to switch
 between data sets programmatically.
\par Source code for Orders By Customer can be found in:
\par BRCUSTORD.CPP
\par BRCUSTORD.H
\par BRCUSTORD.DFM
\par \pard\plain \s28\li180\ri144\sa104\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \b\f5\cf2 \page {\cs40\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super #} PartsForm}${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain 
\s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super $} Parts}K{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super K} inventory; parts inventory; stock}} Parts
\par \pard\plain \fi-360\li504\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 The Browse Parts form enables you to browse and edit the MAST inventory
\par \pard \li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar The form contains a {\i TDBGrid} for displaying all parts and backordered parts, a {\i TDBNavigator}
 control for scrolling through records, a Backorder button for querying to see all parts on back order, an Edit button that displays the {\uldb Edit Parts}{\v EditParts} form for adding or modifying parts, and a Close button for exiting the form.
\par Browse Parts demonstrates how a single data source can be used by either a TTable or TQuery component. By default, when the form appears, it displays 
data for all parts from the TTable component. Clicking the Backorders button invokes code that connects TQuery to the data source and executes a query that displays only those parts on back order.
\par \pard \fi-360\li504\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar Source code for Browse Parts can be found in:
\par BRPARTS.CPP
\par BRPARTS.H
\par BRPARTS.DFM
\par \pard\plain \s28\li180\ri144\sa104\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \b\f5\cf2 \page {\cs40\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super #} EditParts}${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain 
\s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super $} Edit Parts}K{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super K} edit parts; modify parts}} Edit Parts
\par \pard\plain \li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 The Edit Parts form enables you to add or modify parts in the MAST inventory, and print information about parts.
\par The form contains a {\i TDBNavigator} control for scrolling through records, adding and deleting records, and posting or canceling changes. It contains six {\i TDBEedit}
 controls for display, entry, and modification of fields in the PARTS table. It also contains a {\i TDBLookupComboBox} control for display, entry, and modification of vendor names in the VENDORS table based on vendor numbers in the PARTS table.
\par Edit Parts demonstrates how to look up, display, and edit field values in one table based on key values in another table by using {\i TDBLookupComboBox}.
\par \pard \fi-360\li504\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar Source code for Edit Parts can be found in:
\par EDPARTS.CPP
\par EDPARTS.H
\par EDPARTS.DFM
\par \pard\plain \s38\li180\ri144\sa104\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f5\cf2 \page {\cs40\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super #} QuickReports}${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain 
\s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super $} Reports}K{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super K} reports; displaying reports; printing reports}} Reports

\par \pard\plain \li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 The Reports form lets you specify three different types of reports to print:
\par \pard\plain \s22\fi-187\li360\ri144\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx360 \f5\fs20 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab {\i Customer} {\i List} lists MAST customers.
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab {\i Orders} {\i History} details the orders placed with MAST.
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab {\i Invoice} provides a full report on a specified invoice.
\par \pard\plain \li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 These reports are built using the Quick Report components on the QReport 
tab on the component pallet. The main dialog, MainPrintForm.cpp, contains some simple choices for selecting the type of report. 
\par Each report can be previewed on the preview form.
\par Each report is a form with a QuickReport component, a QRDetailLink component, and various other components from the QReport components tab. Some of which, mainly QRDBText, have DataSource and DataField properties.
\par 
\par Source code for the reports and the selection form can be found in:
\par PICKREP.CPP   PICKREP.H   PICKREP.DFM
\par CUSTRPT.CPP  CUSTRPT.H    CUSTRPT.DFM
\par ORDERRPT.CPP  ORDERRPT.H  ORDERRPT.DFM
\par INVOICE.CPP INVOICE.H INVOICE.DFM
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s28\li180\ri144\sa104\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \b\f5\cf2 \page {\cs40\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super #} CloseButton}${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain 
\s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super $} Close}K{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super K} close; exit; quit}} Close
\par \pard\plain \fi-360\li504\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 To exit MASTAPP, click Close, or choose File|Exit from the menu.
\par \pard\plain \s38\li180\ri144\sa104\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f5\cf2 \page {\cs40\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super #} HelpOnHelp}${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain 
\s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super $} Help on Help}K{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super K} help; MASTAPP help}} Help on Help
\par \pard\plain \li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 MASTAPP help demonstrates how to access a custom help file from a C++Builder application. To link a help file to an application and access it, follow these steps:
\par \pard\plain \s29\fi-216\li360\ri144\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx360 \f5\fs20 1.\tab Set the application's {\i HelpFile}
 property to the name of the .HLP file to use. For example, in MASTAPP.CPP, the following code specifies the name of the help file to use for MASTAPP:
\par \pard\plain \s32\li360\sl240\slmult0\keep\nowidctlpar\tx540\tx720\tx907\tx1080\tx1267\tx1440 \f11\fs20 Application->HelpFile = \ldblquote MASTAPP.HLP\rdblquote ;
\par \pard\plain \s29\fi-216\li360\ri144\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx360 \f5\fs20 2.\tab Set the main component's {\i HelpContext} property to {\i 1}. For example, in MASTAPP, MAIN.PAS contains the code for  {\i MainForm}. Select the {\i MainForm}
 component, then set its {\i HelpContext} to {\i 1} in the Object Inspector.
\par 3.\tab To access help from a button, create a help procedure that calls the {\i HelpCommand}
 method with a valid WINHELP command. To display the contents for a help file, use the HELP_CONTENTS command, and set the data integer to 0. In MASTAPP, the following help procedure is defined with a context ID that calls the MASTAPP Contents page:
\par \pard\plain \s32\li360\sl240\slmult0\keep\nowidctlpar\tx540\tx720\tx907\tx1080\tx1267\tx1440 \f11\fs20 void __fastcall{\b  }TMainForm::HelpBtnClick(TObject *Sender)
\par \{
\par   Application->HelpCommand(HELP_CONTENTS, 0);
\par \}
\par \pard\plain \s35\fi-576\li720\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx8820 \f5\fs20 {\b Note}  At design time, set the {\i HelpContext}
 property for individual components to specify a context-sensitive help screen to display if the user presses F1 when those components have focus. In MASTAPP, context-sensitive help is implemented for all components on the {\uldb Parts}{\v PartsForm}
 form, and the {\uldb Edit Parts}{\v EditParts} form.
\par \pard\plain \s29\fi-216\li360\ri144\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx360 \f5\fs20 4.\tab Create a button that calls a help procedure when clicked. In MASTAPP, MAIN.H contains the following code for creating a help button:
\par \pard\plain \s32\li360\sl240\slmult0\keep\nowidctlpar\tx540\tx720\tx907\tx1080\tx1267\tx1440 \f11\fs20 TSpeedButton *HelpBtn;
\par \pard\plain \s19\li360\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 In the Object Inspector, set the button's {\i OnClick} event to the name of the help procedure to call. In MASTAPP, the name of the procedure that is called in {\i HelpBtnClick}.

\par \pard\plain \s29\fi-216\li360\ri144\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx360 \f5\fs20 5.\tab 
Create a procedure that calls HelpCommand with the WINHELP command, HELP_QUIT to quit WINHELP when the application ends. IN MASTAPP, MAIN.PAS contains the following procedure for exiting WINHELP:
\par \pard\plain \s32\li360\sl240\slmult0\keep\nowidctlpar\tx540\tx720\tx907\tx1080\tx1267\tx1440 \f11\fs20 void __fastcall TMainForm::FormDestroy(TObject *Sender)
\par \{
\par   Application->HelpCommand(HELP_QUIT,0);
\par \}
\par \pard\plain \s28\li180\ri144\sa104\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \b\f5\cf2 {\b0 \page }{\cs40\super #{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super #} SplashScreen}${\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain 
\s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super $} Splash Screen}K{\footnote\ftnalt \pard\plain \s39\li180\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs40\super K} splash screen; banner; start-up screen}} Splash Screen

\par \pard\plain \s19\li360\ri144\sb40\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 The Splash screen appears when MASTAPP starts. MASTAPP.CPP creates a {\i TSplashForm,} and the instance of the application, calls {\i SplashForm->Show()}
 to display the form while all other MASTAPP forms are created, and calls {\i SplashForm->Update()} to display the application's "Loading ..." message on the form.
\par When all MASTAPP forms are created, MASTAPP.CPP calls {\i SplashForm->Hide()} to hide the Splash screen display.
\par Source code for the splash screen can be found in:
\par SPLASH.CPP
\par SPLASH.H
\par SPLASH.DFM
\par }